---
title: 001-20210204
id: 916232c0-7cf4-4e56-9c5a-7f82d91f18f4
created: 2022-09-25
fc-calendar: DotMM
fc-date:
  year: 1492
  month: 11
  day: 13
fc-category: Sessions
tags:
  - ttrpg/session/dotmm
---

# [[001-20210204]]

!!! info
    - campaign:: [[300 DnD/30-39 Campaigns/31 DotMM/index.md|Dungeon of the Mad Mage]]
    - date:: 2021-02-04
    - type:: session, ttrpg
    - dm:: John Bruckler


---

!!! info "Session Summary: 001-20210204"
    An afternoon of shopping is interrupted by an annoying sheep carrying a scroll of Speak With Animals. Proving the old adage of "No good deed goes unpunished", the party found themselves battling transmuted animal guardians, a Wizard's apprentice, and a Bed... dragon...?
    ^summary

---


## Session Log

The party found themselves between quests, and were spending some downtime in Shepard’s Crook. As they were making their way back from a shopping trip, [[Goradaar Delmirev]] was accosted by a sheep carrying a scroll of Speak with Animals. [[Goradaar Delmirev|Goradaar]] took the scroll and read the incantation out loud, whereupon he learned the sheep was actually the polymorphed wizard [[Finethir Shinebright]]. They didn’t have long to talk before a giant of a half-orc named [[Guz]] and followed accompanied by a couple of wolves and a bipedal bear.

[[Guz]], not being the patient type, attacked when his demand of the return of the sheep was not immediately met with compliance. A couple of strokes of his Great sword later, and [[Goradaar Delmirev|Goradaar]] was unconscious and bleeding out on the ground. The party made similarly quick work of [[Guz]] and his companions.

- [[Goradaar Delmirev]] sent Gerald the wolf to the afterlife with his Fiery breath weapon
- [[Olahna Hanali|Olahna]] killed Bernard the Bear by command of her Tiger
- [[Gwenith Serena|Gwen]] dispatched [[Guz]] with a powerful bite from her Dire Wolf jaws while he was attempting to run away
- [[Hani Wildheart]], through a masterfully placed stab, dropped Terry the wolf

[[Hani Wildheart|Hani]] searched [[Guz]]' body after the fight. She found 10gp, 30sp, a brass cup, some string, and a couple of pieces of what _might_ be some sort of jerky - all of which she kept for herself. While this was going on, [[Tsakor]] called upon the power of his patron to bring [[Goradaar Delmirev|Goradaar]] back to his feet, and Olahna made use of her craftiness and magical abilities to bestow some additional healing.

The party, with Finethir’s direction, made their way to [[Finethir's Tower]], now under the control of his former apprentice, [[Ahmed Noke]]. The tower itself was quite impressive, and appaeared to have been magically coerced from a tree, or trees.

[[Tsakor]]’s keen eyes made out 3 apes playing with some giant dice in front of the tower, just 80 ft away. [[Goradaar Delmirev|Goradaar]], still hurting from the previous battle, cast a fireball to announce the party’s presence. A short battle ensued, during which:

- [[Goradaar Delmirev]] dispatched all 3 of the apes through the judicious use of Fireball
- [[Tsakor]] dropped [[Billy the Bear]] with a well placed Eldritch Blast
    
At this point, [[Ahmed Noke|Ahmed]] demanded the return of [[Finethir Shinebright|Finethir]], and asked about the well-being of his man, [[Guz]]. [[Tsakor]] convinced Noke that the party had captured [[Guz]] and had him in their possession. The party convinced [[Ahmed Noke|Noke]] to come out of his tower to parley.

The session ended with Noke exploding out of the roof of one of the tower rooms riding on the back of a wooden dragon, that looks suspiciously like a polymorphed bed…
