---
title: 002-20210304
id: b9fcef17-c516-464a-adf3-cf4e0e30739c
created: 2021-03-04
fc-calendar: DotMM
fc-date:
  year: 1492
  month: 11
  day: 13
fc-category: Sessions
tags:
  - ttrpg/session/dotmm
---

# [[002-20210304]]

!!! info
    - campaign:: [[300 DnD/30-39 Campaigns/31 DotMM/index.md|Dungeon of the Mad Mage]]
    - date:: 2021-03-04
    - type:: session, ttrpg
    - dm:: John Bruckler
    - Last session: [[001-20210204]]


---
!!! info "Session Summary: 002-20210304"
    The party takes down a wooden dragon, witness the horrible outcome of trying to use a damaged magic wand, and lift a few things from [[Finethir's Tower]]. I meah, he's a sheep, who's going to notice?
    ^summary

---

## Session Log

In game date at start of session: 13th day of Eleasis, 1492 DR

We join our intrepid band of adventurers as they try to understand the sight they’ve just witnessed: an apprentice wizard with a magic item far above his capabilities had just burst into battle on a wooden dragon of all things!

As odd a sight as that was, neither the dragon, nor the apprentice stood a chance against this seasoned group. The dragon opened with a spray of splinters,

- [[Tsakor]] dealt the killing blow at the moment the apprentice tried to use the wand again, having been damaged in the fall from the dragon, it backfired and turned the apprentice into a Gibbering Mouther.
- [[Tsakor]], determined not to let the DM steal his kill, also killed the gibbering mouther.
- While the party spoke waited for Gwen to converse with Finithir, Hani had other ideas. Hani peeled away to take a peek through Finithir’s home and lab. Tsakor, ever on the lookout, followed.
- Gwen agreed to help [[Finethir Shinebright|Finethir]] by heading to the [[Palace of Eor]] to retrieve a wand of True Polymorph from a cleric by the name of [[Jorlon]] in the service of the Count there - in exchange for 2,000GP.
- [[Hani Wildheart|Hani]] found a [[Staff of Dreaming|staff]] she just couldn’t leave. The staff was enameled red and green, with what appeared to be gold adornments, and on the top, a green stone.
