---
title: 003-20210415
id: a6fb07da-9790-42bc-88c5-fce1b5acacd8
created: 2021-04-15
fc-calendar: DotMM
fc-date:
  year: 1492
  month: 11
  day: 13
fc-category: Sessions
tags:
  - ttrpg/session/dotmm
---

# [[003-20210415]]

!!! info
    - campaign:: [[300 DnD/30-39 Campaigns/31 DotMM/index.md|Dungeon of the Mad Mage]]
    - date:: 2021-04-15
    - type:: session, ttrpg
    - dm:: John Bruckler
    - Last Session: [[002-20210304]]


---
!!! info "Session Summary: 003-20210415"
    ^summary

---


## Session Log

DM’s note: This is going to be pretty [[Tsakor]] heavy, as I borrowed Don’s notes - my dog ate mine.

- The party decided to finish out the rest of the day in [[Finethir's Tower]], starting their 12 day trip to the [[Palace of Eor]] in the morning.
- During the debate on whether they should stay or go (and presumably if there would be trouble), [[Tsakor]] asked who the leader of the group was, and indicated he was good at dealing with people, so the party decided he would be their spokesperson/president, and that the party would act as a democracy.
	- DM’s insight: [[Tsakor]] never really said _how_ he was good at dealing with people, just that he was good at “dealing” with people.
- The first night on the road, in the middle of the night, [[Tsakor]] heard… something, he just wasn’t sure what he heard. Casting light on a coin and throwing it near the sound, he was able to see a humanoid face with reddish skin - Hobgoblin bandits. 1 exploding hammer was all it took to rid themselves of the hobgoblins, their equipment was sold later for 210GP.
- On the way to [[Eor]], a giant ape was seen off the side of the road. [[Tsakor]] caught the [[Kent the Ape]]'s eye, and displayed his territorial nature through much grunting and beating of his chest. [[Tsakor]], in a moment of brilliance, was able to intimidate the Ape into backing down (for this, Don was awarded [Inspiration](https://www.dndbeyond.com/sources/phb/personality-and-background#Inspiration))
- The party saw the Ape once again the next day, this time eating some 75-100' from the road. The party bumped into a couple a bit down the road and warned them about the Ape up ahead. The couple told the party that the Ape was named Kent and was quite a helper during the harvest.
- The party was able to stop at an inn for an evening. As they lay sleeping, someone attempted to break into their room, and eventually was able to spring the lock and open the door. It was just a halfling boy (  [[Daniel Swiftwhistle]] ), who tried telling [[Tsakor]] that the he found the door open and was just trying to close it for them. [[Tsakor]], having been aware of the lock picking, pushed the boy down and issued a stern warning to stay away from the party. The next morning, they saw the boy was working at the inn, clearing tables.
- On the 8th day, [[Goradaar Delmirev|Goradaar]] heard 4 wolves in the distance and was sure that there was a 5th ‘something’ with the wolves. The party kept going, but with an eye out for trouble. Soon, a single, large wolf appeared on the road in front of them. [[Olahna Hanali|Olahna]] summoned a Black Bear and advanced, [[Hani Wildheart|Hani]] hid behind [[Tsakor]]. The wolves advanced as well, trying to surround the party. It wasn’t long before the 5th ‘something’ revealed itself - an [Ettin](https://ddb.ac/monsters/Ettin) who spent the first part of combat arguing with itself.
