---
title: 004-20210513
id: 9e8ab40f-fda9-489c-96c8-34813dfa12ff
created: 2021-05-13
fc-calendar: DotMM
fc-date:
  year: 1492
  month: 11
  day: 21
fc-category: Sessions
tags:
  - ttrpg/session/dotmm
---

# [[004-20210513]]

!!! info
    - campaign:: [[32.01 DotMM|Dungeon of the Mad Mage]]
    - date:: 2021-05-13
    - type:: session, ttrpg
    - dm:: John Bruckler
    - Last Session: [[003-20210415]]


---
!!! info "Session Summary: 004-20210513"
    ^summary

---

## Session Log

We rejoin our merry band of misfits 8 days into their journey to [[Eor]], as they face down the threat of 4 Dire wolves and an Ettin…

- [[Goradaar Delmirev|Goradaar]] was pretty hurt after being bitten by a [dire wolf](https://ddb.ac/monsters/dire-wolf), [[Gwenith Serena|Gwen]] had taken the form of a dire wolf, [[Tsakor]] had advanced on the Ettin after blowing up his hammer, softening the foes up for the rest of the party. Ohlana created a small cannon to spread ❤ and HP, and [[Hani Wildheart|Hani]] was exploiting holes in her foes' defenses, making them pay dearly.
- [[Gwenith Serena|Gwen]], with the brutality of the wild animal whose form she had assumed, brought one of the wolves down by tearing out his throat after [[Hani Wildheart|Hani]] pierced it through with her rapier. [[Hani Wildheart|Hani]] and [[Gwenith Serena|Gwen]] made short work of the next wolf as well, with [[Gwenith Serena|Gwen]] once more dealing the final blow.
- Ohlana saved [[Goradaar Delmirev|Goradaar]]’s bacon with her mobile support turret, and while [[Tsakor]] was facing down the Ettin, provided some much needed support there as well.
- [[Goradaar Delmirev|Goradaar]] let fly a mighty fireball, destroying 2 more dire wolves and damaging the Ettin.
- [[Tsakor]] bravely brandished a broadsword in close combat with the [Ettin](https://ddb.ac/monsters/Ettin), using his cunning and quick wit to deceive one of the Ettin’s heads into believing the other head was plotting against him. With a mighty slashing blow to the Ettin’s chest, purple flame erupted over the wound freezing the giant-kin with fear. While it was paralyzed with fear, [[Gwenith Serena|Gwen]] took her opportunity to land the killing blow, ending the encounter.
- With the immediate danger passed, [[Olahna Hanali]] was able to nurse [[Goradaar Delmirev|Goradaar]] back to health with her incredible tinkered turrets.
-   Loot:
    - [[Hani Wildheart|Hani]] found 100gp on the [Ettin](https://ddb.ac/monsters/Ettin), and the party split the loot between them.
    - [[Tsakor]] took the [Ettin](https://ddb.ac/monsters/Ettin)’s great axe for himself, and surmised that [[Goradaar Delmirev|Goradaar]] might be able to make use of the great club
- Bruised, but breathing, the party pushed on for Zymorven Hall, a keep overlooking the main road, and the next bastion of civilization along the Rauvin Road.
- [[Tsakor]] smoothly negotiated room and board with the guard at the front gate, and the party entered the inner courtyard of the keep. [[Tsakor]] stabled Cherry near the barracks, then found a semi-quiet place to meditate and perform his Kata.
- [[Gwenith Serena|Gwen]] and [[Goradaar Delmirev|Goradaar]] made their way to the keep’s smithy (Kampe). [[Goradaar Delmirev|Goradaar]] managed to sell the great club to the smith for 30cp and an agreement to leave the premises. [[Gwenith Serena|Gwen]], on the hunt for more martial power, shrewdly negotiated a deal to purchase a longsword for the low price of 20gp.
    - New weapon in hand, she now needed only to find someone to give her some pointers on the finer points of the longsword, she found [[Goddard]], who purported to be the best longswordsman in the land, and would show her the ropes for a mere 30gp. [[Gwenith Serena|Gwen]] was… less than impressed, and declined the offer. [[Goddard]]’s other duties include mucking out stalls, which seemed an odd second duty for such a skilled fighter.
    - Eventually she did find a young soldier in training that was all too happy to spar with her, and after half a day [[Gwenith Serena|Gwen]] felt she was every bit as good with the longsword as she ever was with a scimitar.
- [[Hani Wildheart|Hani]] took a stroll around the main courtyard and noted that the cooper’s building had been marked by the local thieves guild, indicating that a heist was being planned there later. Satisfied that there were no great treasures awaiting her, she made her way to the mess hall where she found one of the best bowls of pheasant noodle soup she’s tasted this side of the Sword Mountains.
- [[Olahna]] made her way to the farrier’s (Wyatt), looking for bits and bobs for her tinkering. The farrier’s daughter, Ophelia, gathered up a handful of nails and a few horseshoes, charging the princely sum of 3cp. Ohlana, maybe seeing some of her younger self in the girl, paid her a whole gold piece; an act surely worth a favor in the future.
- [[Olahna]] then set off for the general store, needing to find a leather pouch to keep her bits and bobs in. Finding the leather pouch was easy enough, getting out of the store with only a single purchase proved much harder. The proprietress (Edeline) of the store, being a bit of a pushy saleswoman, convinced Ohlana to buy some chalk, as well. “You never know when it might come in handy, afterall.” Ohlana also greased Edeline’s palm - one can never be owed too many favors.
- The day came to an end, and while the party was put up in adequate accommodations in the barracks, [[Tsakor]] still felt it necessary to keep watch.
    - [[Hani Wildheart|Hani]] took first watch, which was largely uneventful other than the snoring of one of the guards. Snoring that was cutting through the peacefulness of the evening and frustrating [[Hani Wildheart|Hani]] more and more with each thunderous snore. She snuck into the barracks and tied back the nose of the snoring soldier, reducing the noise to a more ignorable level.
    - [[Tsakor]]’s watch also passed without incident, while he crouched in the darkness, keen eyes not missing a single detail. Not a speck of dust moved in the barracks that his watchful eye didn’t take in. Not a sound was uttered that his keen ears didn’t pick up. At the end of his watch, he woke up [[Gwenith Serena|Gwen]] - much to her chagrin.
    - Most of [[Gwenith Serena|Gwen]]’s watch was spent staring with grave annoyance at [[Tsakor]] while he slept. She was sore, and tired, having taken a bit of a beating learning forms and strikes more suitable for the longsword, and [[Tsakor]] is waking her from her slumber, to keep watch while they’re surrounded by 50 armed guards. The nerve! Around 4am she watched as a single [spider](https://ddb.ac/monsters/spider) slid down on a gossamer strand of webbing from the ceiling, directly above [[Tsakor]]. Just as the spider was about to drop, [[Tsakor]] stirred in his sleep, knocking the spider to the floor.  
    - [[Gwenith Serena|Gwen]], now robbed of her sleep _and_ the satisfaction of a spider crawling all over [[Tsakor]], walked over to the small arachnid, and with deft fingers placed it back on [[Tsakor]]’s face where it waited momentarily before crawling beneath the covers. [[Tsakor]] stirred in his sleep as the spider crawled, bringing a giggle and some payback to [[Gwenith Serena|Gwen]].
