---
title: 006-20210706
id: beef14ff-3032-468e-8ee3-57f6d28132be
created: 2021-07-06
fc-calendar: DotMM
fc-date:
  year: 1492
  month: 11
  day: 30
fc-category: Sessions
tags:
  - ttrpg/session/dotmm
---

# [[006-20210706]]

!!! info
    - campaign:: [[32.01 DotMM|Dungeon of the Mad Mage]]
    - date:: 2021-07-06
    - type:: session, ttrpg
    - dm:: John Bruckler
    - Last Session: [[005-20210601]]


---

!!! info "Session Summary: 006-20210706"
    ^summary

---

## Session Log


- The session started with the end of battle, where the party took a [Lizardfolk](https://ddb.ac/monsters/Lizardfolk) captive, naming him [[Larry the Lizardfolk]]. The only think [[Larry]] would say was “Great King, forgive me” over and over again.
- Travel after that was mostly uneventful, though during the night [[Tsakor]] saw 3 men walking down the road, heading towards [[Newcombe]], where the party had come from.
- Eventually the party decided to ditch [[Larry the Lizardfolk]], since he would only respond to things with “Greate King, forgive me”
- Towards the end of one day, the party found themselves near the [[Robin's Breast Inn]], where they decided to stop for a meal and a bed.
    - While here, they were approached by [[Pluck]], a wandering minstrel who offered to play them a song about the history of the area, an offer which upset the establishment, and the innkeep.
    - [[Tsakor]] asked if [[Pluck]] could just recite the lore to the party, rather than sing it, paying 2 gp to hear The Ballad of [[Sakatha]]
    - After [[Pluck]] recited the ballad, the locals in the inn left, which upset the innkeep
    - [[Tsakor]] also paid an extra gold to the innkeep to make up for the business he lost
- Back on the road again, the party made their way to [[The Great Bridge]], which is the only crossing by road of the River Ardo
- The party stopped to survey the bridge, and [[Tandaleia Deleamintaviglia]] asked [[Gwenith Serena]] if some of the vegetation was edible.
- As [[Gwenith Serena|Gwen]] checked out the vegetation on one side of the bridge, [[Goradaar Delmirev|Goradaar]] Delmirev decided to check the other side of the bridge for signs of an Trolls who might be expecting a toll.
- The party was attacked by a force of 20 Lizardfolk, who seemed more interested in dragging [[Gwenith Serena|Gwen]] and [[Goradaar Delmirev|Goradaar]] into the wilderness than in eradicating the party
- During the fray [[Tsakor]] destroyed 8 of the Lizardfolk with a single strike of his exploding hammer
- The party made relatively short work of the ambush
- [[Gwenith Serena|Gwen]] reported to [[Tandaleia Deleamintaviglia|Maggie]] that the vegetation was, in fact, edible

---

The session ended at this point, but here’s a recap of what happened afterwards:

- [[Hani Wildheart|Hani]] and [[Tsakor]] surveyed the dead Lizardfolk for anything of value, they found none of them carried any money, and the weapons and armor they had were quite crude, made of natural materials like hide, bone, wood and stone
- [[Goradaar Delmirev|Goradaar]] was able to gather several (3) vials of blood, 2 tongues, 4 claws and a handful of scales ( the scales range from very small and fine to some that were a handbreadth across)
- As it was getting late, the party needed to make camp soon, and travelled roughly an hour more away form the bridge before making camp.
- Each of the party had fitful sleep full of nightmares. None of you remember much about the dream. Claws. Teeth. Blood. Screaming. Fire. A feeling of malevolence. Giant leathery wings beating. The feeling of being bitten, the sight of blood running from your arms around fangs the glisten red in firelight.
    - [[Goradaar Delmirev|Goradaar]] and [[Gwenith Serena|Gwen]] are especially impacted, and were not able to get a full night’s sleep, suffering 1 point of exhaustion
- You’re positive that you’re being scried on, but by whom?
    

---

### Locations Visited

- [[Robin's Breast Inn]]
- [[The Great Bridge]]
