---
title: 007-20210907
id: 4c484bf0-2aa9-4f3b-b1db-649563cf197f
created: 2021-09-07
fc-calendar: DotMM
fc-date:
  year: 1492
  month: 12
  day: 3
fc-category: Sessions
tags:
  - ttrpg/session/dotmm
---

# [[007-20210907]]

!!! info
    - campaign:: [[32.01 DotMM|Dungeon of the Mad Mage]]
    - date:: 2021-09-07
    - type:: session, ttrpg
    - dm:: John Bruckler
    - Last Session: [[006-20210706]]


---

!!! info
    ^summary

---

## Session Log

Just before you set off, both [[Goradaar Delmirev|Goradaar]] and [[Gwenith Serena|Gwen]] go stiff, their faces blank. For the next couple of minutes they’re unresponsive. When they come too, they’re both visibly shaken, and share the following:

!!! info
    “We saw inside some room, a large [lizardfolk](https://ddb.ac/monsters/lizardfolk) was sitting on what seemed like a throne, our viewpoint was from behind and just to the side of it’s head. Kneeling on the ground before him was an armored figure with black hair. He was talking about the attack on the Count just a few days prior.
    
    [Lizardfolk](https://ddb.ac/monsters/Lizardfolk): Who were those people that interfered at the palace?
    
    [[Human]]: They called themselves **The Legion of the Emerald Goats**. A bunch of adventurers the count had hired to find the reason for all the [[bandit]] attacks. Foolish. He knows the cause of those attacks.
    
    Lizardfolk: Do you not know them? It appeared one was helping you?
    
    Human: Great King, I know none of those people. It would appear they were betrayed from within, but I know neither who nor why.
    
    Lizardfolk: No matter. Every attempt he’s made to resist me has failed. A handful of adventurers won’t change the course of my plans. I know them now and can look upon them whenever I desire. But Mordrin, should your paths cross again, end them.
    
    Human: Of course, my Liege.

Visited: [[Waycombe]]  
NPC's met: [[Mordrin]]

- The party woke and over breaking down camp discovered they all had similar nightmares.
- After breaking camp, [[Goradaar Delmirev]] and [[Gwenith Serena]] were taken by a “vision” (see Session Prompt above for vision recap)
- Traveled to what’s left of [[Waycombe]] village, noting that most of the buildings and several of the fields had been burned down.
- Instead of entering the town the party, under [[Tsakor]]'s lead, skirted around [[Waycombe]] to come within scouting distance of the Bandit Encampment.
- Through excellent use of wildshape and stealth, [[Hani Wildheart|Hani]] Wildheart and [[Gwenith Serena]] determined that most of the bandits in the camp were gone, and that they appeared to be led by [[Mordrin]], the cleric that attacked [[John Brunis]] ([[John Brunis|Count of Eor]])
-  As the party’s scouting party made their way back to where the party hid in the field, 2 bandits burst from the copse of trees hiding their encampment beating spears on shields and taunting the party. Those 2 bandits, and the remaining 10 in the encampment, were dead seconds later, thanks to a fireball and inspired martial prowess by the party.
- Once the bandits were dead, and [[Adult Black Dragon]] swooped down from the skies, hitting [[Goradaar Delmirev|Goradaar]] with it’s breath attack before landing, separating [[Tsakor]] from the rest of the party.
- Undeterred by the Dragon’s frightful visage, [[Gwenith Serena|Gwen]] caught it in a column of thorns, 20' high and 5' thick, severely hampering it’s movement.
- [[Hani Wildheart|Hani]] and [[Tsakor]] channeled their training and empowered it with adrenaline and certainly the blessing of [[Tsakor]]’s patron Sutamo, to perform magnificent feats, landing blow after expertly placed blow against the dragon, felling a great evil whose impact on the surrounding region was likely far greater than realized. ([[Tsakor]] was knocked momentarily unconscious by the great beast’s wing as it fell.
- While [[Hani Wildheart|Hani]] dealt the final blow, she was able to see the fear in the Dragon’s eyes after [[Tsakor]]’s savage attacks, as she let loose her arrow, she knew the battle was won.
- [[Tsakor]] earned the nickname “[[Tsakor|Spooker of Dragons]]” from [[Gwenith Serena|Gwen]] for his actions on the battlefield.
- After the battle, the party made their way to the bandit encampment to loot it and rest. [[Tsakor]] started towards the village to make sure the efforts of [[The Legion of the Emerald Goat]] would be attributed appropriately.
