---
title: 009-20211005
id: 65e92b95-e056-43a7-bedd-ce5909a26bc7
created: 2021-11-09
fc-calendar: DotMM
fc-date:
  year: 1492
  month: 12
  day: 5
fc-category: Sessions
tags:
  - ttrpg/session/dotmm
---

# [[009-20211005]]

!!! info
    - campaign:: [[32.01 DotMM|Dungeon of the Mad Mage]]
    - date:: 2021-11-09
    - type:: session, ttrpg
    - dm:: John Bruckler
    - Last Session: [[008-20211005]]


---

!!! info
    - The party battled water weirds and put their heads together to solve the puzzle get past the Demon Door.
    - Slept on a pile of gold
    - Met with an overwhelming force, Gwen and Tsakor showed their might
    ^summary

---

## Session Log


As the party collected themselves after a quick fight with some [[bandit]] guards, some [[Water Weird]]'s began to form within the pools of scummy water the party was standing around. [[Gwenith Serena|Gwen]] was grappled thrice, and twice used Shape Water to escape. The party dispatched the Weirds quite quickly, then [[Tsakor]] took a short rest while [[Hani Wildheart|Hani]] scraped a mountain of loot out of the pools.

[[Tandaleia Deleamintaviglia|Maggie]] and [[Goradaar Delmirev|Goradaar]] were able to figure out the mystery of the demon door. Much harder than finding that out was convincing [[Hani Wildheart|Hani]] to take the garnet out of one of the brooches she had just found, but convince her they did. After dropping the gem into the mouth of the demon, the bas-relief slid aside, revealing a large cavern, some 60' wide and 30' tall. To the left a smaller cavern branched out. [[Tandaleia Deleamintaviglia|Maggie]] and [[Hani Wildheart|Hani]] ventured down the smaller cavern to discover the treasure pile of the Black Dragon the party had defeated a few days prior.

It was late and the party decided to sleep on top of the treasure pile - the night passed without incident.

In the morning, the party found a trapdoor at the back of the large cavern, and with some quick thinking and amazing displays of athletics, the party shimmied down a 30' deep hole, and across a 10' pit trap before heading down a set of stairs and into an AMBUSH!

25 of [[Sakatha]]'s forces were waiting in the great room the party entered. [[Gwenith Serena|Gwen]], empowered by her Staff of the Woodlands, wiped out several of the brigands with a thorn wall. Not to be outdone, another hefty chunk of bandits were wiped out by [[Tsakor]] and his exploding [[Sunforger]].

In-game date at the end of this session was the 5th of The Fading, 1492 DR


converted all the coins to GP and distributed it 5 ways, which comes to 6,526gp (1,305gp 2cp each)


Backpack

  - Scroll of Protection, Undead
  - Scroll of Knock

  

@kate - I've added the following to Hani's equipment. The jewelry and gems are all custom items, but the cost has been set appropriately for the item.

Equipment

-  Gold brooch
- Gold herringbone necklace
- Coral pin
- Platinum bracelet
- Jade pin
- Gold pin, set with Garnet
- 10 - Garnet @ 10gp/ea
- 20 - Sapphire @ 50gp/ea
- 30 - Diamond @ 100gp/ea
- 35 - Ruby @ 500gp/ea

Bag of Holding  

  - Potion of Fire Resistance

  

@brandi - I added Mace +1 to your equipment
