---
title: 010-20220208
id: 3cc8e416-03d3-4c46-95c7-416e0072794d
created: 2022-02-08
fc-calendar: DotMM
fc-date:
  year: 1492
  month: 12
  day: 6
fc-category: Sessions
tags:
  - ttrpg/session/dotmm
---

# [[010-20220208]]

!!! info
    - campaign:: [[32.01 DotMM|Dungeon of the Mad Mage]]
    - date:: 2022-02-08
    - type:: session, ttrpg
    - dm:: John Bruckler
    - Last Session: [[009-20211005]]


---

!!! info
    ^summary

---

## Session Log

- Finished clearing out the ambush upon undering the dungeon behind the demon door
- During the fight, the [mage](https://ddb.ac/monsters/mage) tried to run away, but [[Tsakor]] misty stepped and killed him ([[Gormundel]]).
- The party looted the following from the battlefield:
    - From Gorumndel's body:
        - [Ring of Swimming](https://ddb.ac/magic-items/ring-of-swimming)
        - [Cloak of Protection + 2](https://ddb.ac/magic-items/cloak-of-proection) ([[Goradaar Delmirev|Goradaar]])
        - [Wand of Fear](https://ddb.ac/magic-items/wand-of-fear) ([[Goradaar Delmirev|Goradaar]])
        - [Scroll of Protection from Magic](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/979740-protection-from-magic)
    - From the Liuetenant's body:
        - [Full Plate + 2](https://ddb.ac/equipment/plate) ([[Tsakor]])
        - [Frost Brand (+3 longsword)](https://ddb.ac/magic-items/frost-brand) ([[Tsakor]])
    - From the Polearm Leader's body:
        - [Boots of Levitation](https://ddb.ac/magic-items/boots-of-levitation) ([[Goradaar Delmirev|Goradaar]])
- The party decided to move down the corridor [[Gormundel]] was trying to escape into, where the say another bas relief of a demon, which looked identical to the demon on the secret entrance to this area.
- Putting their heads together, [[Goradaar Delmirev|Goradaar]] and [[Hani Wildheart|Hani]] were able to unlock the wizard's desk, where they found some notes indicating [[Gormundel]] has been researching some type of spell for affecting undead, but without success to this point. One sheet of parchment contains the following verse:

!!! info
    Past the doors you cannot find.
    Down the steps you cannot climb,
    And across the River of Nothingness
    You'll find your way.
    Beware the marsksman and his prey.
    Shun the royal brides!
    Then find the place I lie in eternal feast!
    Past glories I despose;
    The light of vengeance fillls my eye.
    Treasure I give my servant dragon,
    Guardian loyal of this, my reborn feeding lair

- Moving further into the Wizard's quarters, they found
    - Vial of Powdered Diamond - [[Gwenith Serena|Gwen]] (350GP)
- Through very thorough searching, the party was able to find and open a hidden room containing a chest. Within that chest was the Gormundels Spell book - which [[Goradaar Delmirev|Goradaar]] happily tucked away for later view.
- There was a lot of "discussion" happening about how far to venture into the Wizard's room, what to do to open the desk and the chest. During that time [[Tsakor]] was absolutely sure that he saw a vision he knew well indicating the direction the party should continue.
- Filled with an internal joy, [[Tsakor]] indicated the group should continue deeper into the dungeon.
- [[The Legion of the Emerald Goat|The Legion]] continued on, eventually coming to a demonic statue, a profane altar, and some shallow pools of water. Behind the altar hung a tapestry depicting a demon tormenting a human captive.
- Investigation of the alter showed the blood stains to be fresh. [[Tsakor]] did his best to defile the alter.
- [[Gwenith Serena|Gwen]] investigated the pools of water a little too closely and ended up taking some necrotic damage from the **Unholy Water** they were full of.
- Heading West down a narrow hall, the party found several small cells. The cells at one time might have been for prisoners, but now are being used for the personal quarters of cultists.
- Peaking into the first room, [[Tsakor]] saw a cultist who looked, to [[Tsakor]], a lot like [[Mordrin]]. Filled with adrenaline at seeing their quarry ahead of them [[Tsakor]] bust into the room and felled the cultist in a single, savage blow. As the cleric lay on the ground, the life sliding out of him, [[Tsakor]] said:

!!! info
    The next time your "Lizard King" tells you to kill us, tell him **"No!"**
    <cite>— [[Tsakor]]</cite>

- Once [[The Legion of the Emerald Goat|LotEG]] realized that the dead cultist was not, in fact, [[Mordrin]], they continued moving down the hall. At the end of which hung a painting of the same demon depicted in all the bas-reliefs, the statue, and the tapestry. 
- After a couple of minutes of hushed whispering and frustration at not being able to go any further, [[Gwenith Serena|Gwen]] kicked the wall, which transferred some of the unholy water from the pool she stepped into earlier, opening the wall and leading into a secret chamber.
- As you peer into this chamber, you see a man in plate mail armor kneeling in prayer in front of a small shrine. The opening of the door has alerted him to your presence, and he rises quickly, turns, and faces you.

Roll for intiative!!
