---
title: 012-20220405
id: 4e99be3f-7e71-473b-a860-391d07fc4823
created: 2022-04-05
fc-calendar: DotMM
fc-date:
  year: 1492
  month: 12
  day: 7
fc-category: Sessions
tags:
  - ttrpg/session/dotmm
---

# [[012-20220405]]

!!! info
    - campaign:: [[32.01 DotMM|Dungeon of the Mad Mage]]
    - date:: 2022-04-05
    - type:: session, ttrpg
    - dm:: John Bruckler
    - Last Session: [[011-20220301]]


---

!!! info "Session Summary: 012-20220405"
    ^summary

---

## Session Log

- Frustrated at the dead end the demon-cult hallway was, [[The Legion of the Emerald Goat|The Legion]] backtracked to the pervertered altar to try to find a way forward.
- They spent a few minutes studying the verse on the parchment recovered from [[Gormundel]]'s study:

from: [[Gormundel's Verse]]

---
>Past the doors you cannot find.
>Down the steps you cannot climb,
>And across the River of Nothingness
>You'll find your way.
>Beware the marsksman and his prey.
>Shun the royal brides!
>Then find the place I lie in eternal feast!
>Past glories I despose;
>The light of vengeance fillls my eye.
>Treasure I give my servant dragon,
>Guardian loyal of this, my reborn feeding lair
---


- [[Tsakor]], displeased with the continued existence of the tapestry behind the alter, asked [[Goradaar Delmirev|Goradaar]] to light it on fire. As the tapestry burned, passages beyond the alter were uncovered. 
- The party snaked their way through the hallways, eventually coming to a door. [[Tsakor]] grasped the door handle to give it a pull, and was surprised to find himself glued to the knob. Perhaps more unsettling was the knob not feeling metallic at all, but fleshy instead. Within seconds the door revealed it's true nature - a **[[Mimic]]!**
- The battle with the Mimic was over almost as soon as it began, and none the worse for wear, the party continued past the door into a 10' x 10' stone room. The room itself had a door on the North and South walls, but opening those doors revealed nothing but stone behind them.
- Through some teamwork, a secret door was found that led to another hallway containing a trapdoor.
- Opening the trapdoor, the party observed a set of stairs leading down into darkness. Recalling the line "Pas the doors you cannot find, Down the steps you cannot climb" the party figured that these must be the stairs referenced by the verse.
- [[Tsakor]] and [[Gwenith Serena|Gwen]] led the way down the stairs, followed by [[Tandaleia Deleamintaviglia|Maggie]], with [[Goradaar Delmirev|Goradaar]] bringing up the back.
- Roughly 15' down the stairs some of the steps disappeared into thin air, revealing a fiery pit some 30' beneath them. Dextrous [[Gwenith Serena|Gwen]] was able to leap aside, but poor [[Tandaleia Deleamintaviglia|Maggie]] began to plummet to what surely must be her doom.
- [[Goradaar Delmirev|Goradaar]] instinctively cast [[Spells F#^957536|Feather Fall]], and he and [[Gwenith Serena|Gwen]] were able to grab [[Tandaleia Deleamintaviglia|Maggie]] as her descent was instantly slowed.
- [[Gwenith Serena|Gwen]] pulled [[Tandaleia Deleamintaviglia|Maggie]] to safety near herself and [[Tsakor]], and with the boots of Levitation, [[Goradaar Delmirev|Goradaar]] made his way across the missing stairs to join his comrades on the other side. The rest of the descent was uneventful.
- When the party reached the bottom of the stairs, they found themselves in a huge cavern that extended beyond the reach of their vision in all directions.
- The party moved forward towards the sound of water. As they debated what to do at the river's edge, a raft floated towards them out of the darkness. 
- [[Tandaleia Deleamintaviglia|Maggie]] attempted to climb aboard the raft, but instead found herself in a dry ditch after a short fall, with no river to be seen. Strangely, she began to take damage as something undetected was burning her.
- Back above the water [[Gwenith Serena|Gwen]] and [[Tsakor]] attempted to figure out where [[Tandaleia Deleamintaviglia|Maggie]] went. Eventually they discovered that the river was an illusion, the dry ditch was an illusion, and the newest member of [[The Legion of the Emerald Goat|The Legion]] was actually floating in a 10' tall clay pot of acid.
- With some teamwork [[The Legion of the Emerald Goat|LotEG]] retrieved their dimunutive cleric from the pot and continued across an ancient riverbed, long devoid of any water (a River of Nothingness, if you will).
- On the other side were burial mounds, and in the distance a temple. As the party drew close, Wights emerged from the burial grounds and began to attack.
- A short but frenetic battle ensued, and when the dust cleared [[The Legion of the Emerald Goat|The Legion]] had destroyed 6 wights.

The time at the end of the session is roughly 7pm on the 6th day of Eleint (The Fading) in 1492 DR.
