---
title: 016-20220913
id: 6842af8e-b3cd-4233-a765-525ad5edb0ae
created: 2022-09-13
fc-calendar: DotMM
fc-date:
  year: 1492
  month: 12
  day: 15
fc-category: Sessions
tags:
  - ttrpg/session/dotmm
---

# [[016-20220913]]

!!! info
    - campaign:: [[32.01 DotMM|Dungeon of the Mad Mage]]
    - date:: 2022-09-13
    - type:: session, ttrpg
    - dm:: John Bruckler
    - Last Session: [[015-20220913]]


---

!!! info
    Accolades and good fortune are showered on the party for bringing down a scourge that had been a pox upon the lands for over 400 years. They also had a relatively easy time finding specific magic items that they were looking for… odd, that.
    
    A feast and a festival was thrown in their honor, and they were made barons and given 32k acres of land (roughly 50 square miles) in honor of their achievement.
    
    And then there was a lot of shopping, and magic item searching.
    ^summary

---

## Session Log

You are awoken by cheers outside the window of your suite at [[The Green Tankard]]. Gwen takes a look outside to see a small crowd of cityfolk gathered below. As she pulls the curtain aside, cheers erupt from the people in the street. It seems news of the party's conquests traveled from the depths of the swamps faster than the party itself could.

A knock at the door pulls your attention away from the crowd outside. [[Jaffe Eravan]], owner of [[The Green Tankard]], stands outside the door with the air of a man who's importance has suddenly grown overnight.

!!! info
    News of what you've done for the Count has reached the common folk. It's fine work that you've done, taking care of that lizard once and for all. Many were thinking that was the cause of the problems in the south, but few would say it outright for fear of bringing evil on themselves. Not me of course, I don't go in for superstition.
    
    Anyway, there's quite a crowd in the common room, so I've taken the liberty of bringing up some breakfast for you all. When you're finished eating, if you'd like I can show you the back way out of the inn, that should get you to the castle under relative anonymity.
    
    The count's already paid for your stay and your food for as long as you stay here, so don't worry about that.
    
    Unless you're in need of anything else, I'll leave you to your meal.
    — [[Jaffe Eravan]]

The party ate breakfast, caught up, and discussed their options. During this time:

- Gwen recounted the dream she had the night before where a man with hair like fire and a cloak of feathers urges her to Undermountain.
- [[Tsakor]] shared with the party that the vampire brides had been destroyed
- Spending 2 weeks in [[Vendare]], then 2 weeks travel to get to [[Waterdeep]]
- [[Tsakor]] summons his [Pseudodragon](https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/pseudodragon) familiar
- [[Goradaar Delmirev|Goradaar]] shared that he was able to figure out how to make some potions
	- Fire Grease -   Fire grease can be applied to the blade of a weapon to add 1d4 Fire damage when a creature is hit with a melee attack.
	- Acid Fog - Acid fog is poured out onto the ground (or from a broken vial) into an area. Within 3 rounds it will spread to a 30' radius causing 1d4 Acid damage to all creatures at the beginning of their turn while in the fog, and will continue causing 1d4 Acid damage for 2 rounds after a creature has left the fog.

There was some discussion around whether the party were going to appear at court armed or not (they decided armed was ok), and whether they should take the time to wash up. [[Eris]] used her cleansing stone to make them all clean as a whistle - which [[Gwenith Serena|Gwen]] decided was an experience she was ulikely to want to repeat.

Ultimately the party decided to take [[Jaffe Eravan|Jaffe]] up on his offer to sneak the party out of the inn. The party followed [[Jaffe Eravan|Jaffe]] out into the stables, then eventually into the alleyway running behind the businesses on this street. He pointed them in the direction of the castle and made his way back to the Inn.

[[The Legion of the Emerald Goat]] made their way into the castle, and were immediately seen by the Count. [[John Brunis|The Count]] regaled the party with an abridged version of the battle fought by his ancestors some 400 years prior to defeat [[Sakatha]], a battle which was embroidered on a large tapestry hanging on the wal behind the count.

The count also informed them that were was to be a banquet in their honor that night, and the next 2 weeks would be a festival, celebrating the liberation from Sakatha, and the return of many of the inhabitants of [[Vendare]].

During the conversation with the count:
- Gwen requested jerky at the feast (granted)
- [[Tsakor]] 
	- asked if [[Tandaleia Deleamintaviglia|Maggie]] could join them ([[Jorlon]] granted the request)
	- asked if there were any purveyor of magical goods
		- The count directed him to the chamberlain
	- Also asked about the tapestry, and the count provided a brief history of the  family 
- [[Goradaar Delmirev|Goradaar]]
	- Asked about access to alchemical tooling
		- The count once again directed the party to the chamberlain
- [[Eris]]
	- History of the barony, including imports and exports
	- Any obligations that the the barony would have to the Count
	- How to not piss off the locals
		- Once again they were directed to the chamberlain

- Dispersal of party funds accumulated so far: [[Treasure#016-20220913]]

## Downtime

[[Tsakor]]
1. Looking for magical containers/gauntlets of ogre power
	1. 200gp investment 
	2. 600g for the gauntlets
	3. 200gp for bag of holding
2. Sell plate +1
3. Spend time with [[Hani Wildheart|Hani]] teaching about [[Sutamo]]
4. Hire someone to find the innkeeper from the swamp
	1. 10gp - wants to talk to him about a job
5. Spend a week at the Barony

[[Goradaar Delmirev|Goradaar]]
1. 200gp for 2 weeks of alchemy access
	1. 2 fire grease (200gp)
	2. 1 acid fog (100gp)
2. Magic Items
	1. 200gp for seeking
	2. 400gp for a 1st level spell scroll of Unseen Servant
3. Training for 7 days to learn Medicine (skill)

[[Gwenith Serena|Gwen]]
1. Sell items
	1. Leather armor
	2. Shield
		1. Sold for 5gp (poor persuasion roll)
2. Craft a magic item?
	1. I need to look into the cost of commissioning magic items
2. 1 workweek (25gp) training with the scimitar

[[Tandaleia Deleamintaviglia|Maggie]]
1. Magic Items
	1. 200 gp to look for [Boots of Elvenkind](https://ddb.ac/magic-items/boots-of-elvenkind)
		1. Found
			2. [Boots of Elvenkind](https://ddb.ac/magic-items/boots-of-elvenkind) - 500gp
			3. 2oz of [Sovereign Glue](https://ddb.ac/magic-items/sovereign-glue) for 150k GP
	2. 200 gp to look for [Devotee's Censer](https://ddb.ac/magic-items/devotees-censer)
		1. Found it, 14,000gp - which she paid


- [ ] I need to find the cursed scroll thing that [[Goradaar Delmirev|Goradaar]] had - it’s mentioned in session [[011-20220301]]
- [ ] Earned the title of "Heroes of Eor"
- [ ] Send email to [[@Don Warnecke]] about the finding of the dude'
- [ ] Send email to [[@Don Warnecke]] about the bard [[Pluck]] coming to the feast to sing about the party’s deeds