---
title: 002-20200206
id: 0140c4ce-92a8-4b7c-9036-d2b940dbad64
created: 2022-09-25
fc-calendar: SumonHo
fc-date:
  year: 31
  month: 2
  day: 22
fc-category: Sessions
tags:
  - ttrpg/session/sumonho
---

# [[002-20200206]]

!!! info
    - campaign:: [[300 DnD/30-39 Campaigns/32 SumonHo/index.md|SumonHo]]
    - date:: 2022-09-25
    - type:: session, ttrpg
    - dm:: Don Warnecke
    - Last Session: [[001-20200130]]


---

!!! info "Session Summary: 002-20200206"
    - Party learned some information about the family’s injuries at death.
    - Found the place where [[LM]] was likely killed
    - Assessed that the woman killed in the room was likely [[Mary]], [[LM]]’s wife.
    - [[LM]]’s mining crew seemed to have something to hide
    - A short distance from the site where the bodies were found is where the attacker disposed of a wig, fake beard, and makeup.
    - Determined [[LM]] had found some gems. He took them with him at the end of his shift. [[Eddie]] jumped him for the gems. The other two members of the team thought [[Eddie]] took the gems off [[LM]]’s dead body.
    - [[Eddie]] was arrested.
    - [[Vivian Powell]] hired the party to try to find her son and daughter in the “[[Fortress Down Under]].”
    ^summary

---


## Session Log


[[300 DnD/30-39 Campaigns/32 SumonHo/index]]
The party ate lunch and talked there next move. They realized one piece of missing information was that they didn’t actually know how they died, other than supposedly killed by goblins. After eating, they went over and talked to [[Aster]]. They learned [[Mary]] makes baskets, selling them as well as baked goods. [[Aster]] also said they were killed by short sword thrusts and arrows. He said that the party could learn more from [[Lesdyl]] at the [[Clinic of Healing]]. They also learned where [[LM]] and [[Mary]] lived, a small farmhouse although [[LM]] worked in the mines. The party was accepting [[Aster]]’s help escorting them once they get back from the clinic. He said he would grab a [[Fowlerville]] scout to assist.

While [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]], [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]], and [[Olseris]] went to the clinic, [[Eljas]] headed to The [[Crouching Dragon Tavern]] to ask another question. They learned from [[Lesdyl]] that [[LM]] was stabbed twice in the gut and had an arrow in his shoulder. [[Mary]], his wife, had two arrows including one right at her heart. In discussion, none of the arrows were very deep nor did they show much signs of bleeding. She also had a bruise on her face like she was punched. After further discussion, [[Lesdyl]] remembered [[Mary]] also had some minor bruising in the neck area. [[LM]] was filthy on his back, but [[Mary]] didn’t have much in the way of mud or dirt.

Heading back to the jail, the three of them saw [[Eljas]] storming toward them. He said he didn’t learn anything at the [[Crouching Dragon Tavern|CDT]], as the manager was being a jerk because of “a little dirt” he left on the floor last time. They all returned to the jail to see [[Aster]] and [[Vadania]], an elven guardswoman, returning to the jail to meet them.

They headed first to the mine. They kept an eye out for drag marks. Along the way to the mine, at the wide stream near the large rock [[Olseris]] had seen earlier that day, they saw a few lumps in the stream. Approaching, [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]] realized they were moving, there were at least 3, and she saw a claw. They were 5 giant crabs. She also realized there were some tracks in the soft ground by the large rock. Checking it out, someone appeared to have waited behind the rock for a while and there was also a bloody hand print on the rock. They also found a place along the tree line where it looked like a body was rested and bled in the grass.

When they arrived at the [[Riverside Mine]], [[Vadania]] stayed on the edge of the tent camp. Elias decided to stay with her. [[Olseris]] was able to persuade the assistant manager [[Anton]] that it would be better to interrupt the teams work to ask a few questions than to have to be much more disruptive if they had to be more official. [[Anton]] was very interested in as little interruption to production as possible.

The party questioned [[Eddie]], Marty, and the dwarf Adrik in the supply room. [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]] noticed Marty wore an expensive chain around his neck that was very out of place. However, [[Olseris]] suggested she needed to talk to [[Aster]] outside before she could use or share the information. It got him out of the room. [[Olseris]] bribed [[Eddie]] with a couple coins trying to get him to level with them about what he knew. [[Eddie]] seemed to concoct odd stories about [[LM]]. Marty ended up overextending the conversation, admitting that the crew took gems from [[LM]]’s dead body, only later to admit that only [[Eddie]] was there. It was also discussed that [[LM]] found some gems in the mine and didn’t turn them in. [[Eddie]] was visibly relieved when [[Olseris]] said that he didn’t care about the stolen gems, he just wanted to know what [[Eddie]] knew about [[LM]], and the group was leaving now.

On the way back, the group stopped by the place where the bodies were found. They went through the small clearing and the path led to a much larger clearing, more like a small meadow. The found 3 goblins killed a few weeks ago. One appeared to be killed by a spear and the other two by arrows with [[Grux]]’s signature fletching; 2 green and 1 red. One of the corpses was missing a short sword. Looking around, [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]] found a wig, fake beard, and what looked like ‘cover up’ makeup. On second look, the makeup container had coal residue on it.

The party went over what they knew and what they strongly suspected with [[Aster]]. The party were thinking of ways they could get [[Urgala]] to try to confirm [[Eddie]] in the wig and beard looked like the silhouette she had seen. [[Aster]] said he could help them finish out finding facts, but also they could bring [[Krisvyre]] in because they could arrest him over the gems and further officially investigate since they had proven there was something more sinister than a [goblin](https://ddb.ac/monsters/goblin) attack. The Constables would better be able to compel [[Eddie]] to do things like put the beard on to be viewed by the witness.    

[[Aster]] had the scout run and get [[Krisvyre]] while the party returned to the mine to make sure he didn’t escape, although since [[Olseris]] basically told him he was in the clear no one expected him to make a run for it.

[[Krisvyre]] arrived and arrested [[Eddie]]. [[Olseris]] took his 2 gold pieces back and gave [[Anton]] the 2 amethyst gems [[LM]] found in the mine; which were in [[Eddie]]’s pocket. [[Eddie]] looked furious but couldn’t do anything about it while shackled by the Constable. When Senior Peacekeeper [[Alex]] saw the group coming into town, he met them in the street. He gave them 40 gp for the [[orc]] bounty. *Ellias’s 10 gp were added to his D&D Beyond inventory.

The party went into the [[Rested Moose Inn|Rested Moose]] for dinner. They saw [[Bronson]] at the bar talking to an elf in robes and with a longbow. [[Bronson]] and the elf were finishing their conversation and the elf left about 10 minutes after the party sat down. The party invited [[Bronson]] over about 45 minutes later as he was looking over at the table several times. He said he didn’t come over because he could tell they didn’t trust him, although he didn’t have any idea why. [[Bronson]] was invited to join them at the table and he did.

While eating, a young man, barely more than a boy, approached the table and addressed [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]]. He asked if they would come speak to Vivien Powell at the Welcome Spot. They agreed to come when they were done with their meal. At the Welcome Spot, they learned that Vivian’s son and daughter are missing. They went to investigate the [[Fortress Down Under]] as adventurers. Vivian said she would give $200 per child returned or, in the case they were deceased, $50 per signet ring returned. From her perspective, they could have anything they found except the signet rings. [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] believes she knows the site Vivian is speaking about. They agreed to investigate.

At that, they went for a little shopping trip. [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] bought a wet stone and a sledge hammer. Fuzual replaced some spent arrows. And the party took a well-deserved long rest.

In the morning, the party got up for breakfast. They are now prepared to search out the [[Fortress Down Under]].    

The in-game time of day at the end of the session was: 8 am on Month 3/Day 23
