---
title: 003-20200213
id: a2d789ef-c0b2-4117-9af5-dbb47174f7f0
created: 2022-09-25
fc-calendar: SumonHo
fc-date:
  year: 31
  month: 3
  day: 23
fc-category: Sessions
tags:
  - ttrpg/session/sumonho
---

# [[003-20200213]]

!!! info
    - campaign:: [[300 DnD/30-39 Campaigns/32 SumonHo/index.md|SumonHo]]
    - date:: 2022-09-25
    - type:: session, ttrpg
    - dm:: Don Warnecke
    - Last Session: [[002-20200206]]


---

!!! info "Session Summary: 003-20200213"
    ^summary

---


## Session Log

Quest: [[Search and Rescue - Powell]]

- Party left [[Fowlerville]] for the [[Fortress Down Under]], which is 8 miles from [[Fowlerville]].
- Along the way, the party found a down-on-her-luck and shackled bard named [[Elinor]].
- [[Elinor]] joined the party.
- They found the ravine that the fortress is in.
- [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] led the way and was attacked by 3 giant rats.
- The party entered the fortress's tower from the dark courtyard.
- The party went left through the tower and found a magically locked door that they couldn't get through.
- The party went through the right door in the tower and eventually found [[Meepo]] weeping because the clan's pet dragon was stolen by goblins.
- [[Meepo]] tried to convince the party to retrieve the dragon for the kobolds and took them to [[Yusdrayl]]
- [[Yusdrayl]] agreed the party could have safe passage through her territory and the key from the dragon head's mouth if they returned the dragon. [[Meepo]] can travel with them.
- You're getting hungry. You may want to consider taking a short rest.

The party left [[Fowlerville]] for the [[Fortress Down Under]] at approximately 8 am. The directions that you were given include following the Old Road, a road that was once a major thoroughway and has seen limited use recently. Headed northeast, it is overgrown at areas but still clear enough for general use. You have been told to go about 8 miles, which should take most of 3 hours to cover. You will come to a trail that leads passed a small run-down, one room shack. If you keep going a little farther, a ravine will be 200 feet off the road. The '[[Fortress Down Under]]' is in the ravine.

Some 2 hours into the trip, [[Bronson]], [[Olseris]], and [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]] saw a humanoid traveling along the road but off in cover about 300 ft away. [[Elinor]] was shackled and when they approached each other she asked if they could help her. Since she told [[Eljas]] she wouldn't attack them if they freed her, they considered how they could help. [[Bronson]] sheepishly picked the lock, although he stated that his tools were not thieves' tools; there just tools. Freeing [[Elinor]], the party learned of her predicament and invited her to travel with them. She accepted.

They traveled on for just over another hour. On the north side of the road, you can see one of many trails that have led off the Old Road. It is a nondescript trail a few feet wide. The Old Road is wide and clear here, so you can see a small wooden structure about 60 ft off the road. It would be easy to see if it wasn't for the thick vegetation that grows over the entirety of the structure, nearly obscuring it. If you weren't looking for it, the shack may have been hard to find. Based on your directions, the ravine shouldn't be much farther.

After spending some time looking for [[Elinor]]'s companions to no avail, they searched for and found its collapsed pillars and the rope tied to one. [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] climbed down 40' and was attacked by 3 giant rats. Two were killed from above and [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] threw the last one over the side. The party took the roughhewn stairs zig-zagging the 80' to the bottom of the ravine. Looking around the courtyard of the [[Fortress Down Under]], [[Olseris]] found a pit trap in front of the door to the tower. Identifying the 2' catwalk and wedging the door closed, the party safely entered the fortress.

[[Olseris]] peered through the right door and the party went through the left. They only made it into one room. [[Elinor]], borrowing [[Bronson]]'s tools, was able to unlock the door. After [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] killed the giant rat that killed [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]], [[Elinor]] cast detect magic. She saw that the key hole in the mouth of the dragon carved in relief in the stone door glowed of magic. The party headed back to the left door in the tower.

Heading down that hallway, the party found two doors. The one on the left was locked and had a stone dragon-like fish swimming attached to a wooden door. [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] knocked the door open with his sledge hammer. Within, a keg with pipes into the floor held a pair of steam and frost creatures that didn't want to be disturbed. Both [[Olseris]] and [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]] caught a face full of damaging air (frosty air or steam) in the exchange. There was some consternation on how much time to spend on them, with some members leaving before others. The other room across the hall was empty.

The door at the end of the hall led to a very distraught kobold named [[Meepo]]. His clan's wyrmling white dragon has been captured by goblins and he tried to get the party to commit to retrieving it. [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] found 4 white scales.

[[Meepo]] led the characters to [[Yusdrayl]], leader of the kobolds. She sat on a short throne constructed of fallen bits of masonry stacked against an old altar. The alter had a few small items on it. The portion of the alter that served as the throne's back had a carving of a rearing dragon. A metallic key is held in its open jaws. [[Eljas]] and [[Yusdrayl|Queen Yusdrayl]] agreed to cooperate. Meaning :

1. the party would have free passage of the kobold's territory
2. the party could use the back way to the goblin's lair, and
3. they could have the key when they returned the dragon

Most of the party is getting hungry (especially [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]]), so you may want to consider taking a short rest to eat and heal up a little.

The in-game time of day at the end of the session was: 12:30 pm on Month 3/Day 23
