---
title: 004-20200305
id: 73fe22e7-f33b-4eb8-a2b1-eef84006e8d9
created: 2022-09-25
fc-calendar: SumonHo
fc-date:
  year: 31
  month: 3
  day: 23
fc-category: Sessions
tags:
  - ttrpg/session/sumonho
---

# [[004-20200305]]

!!! info
    - campaign:: [[30-39 TTRPG/32 Campaigns/32.01 DotMM/SessionNotes/index|SumonHo]]
    - date:: 2022-09-25
    - type:: session, ttrpg
    - dm:: Don Warnecke
    - Last Session: [[003-20200213]]


---

!!! info
    With [[Elinor|Elinor's]] nimble fingers and [[Bronson|Bronson's]] tools, the party found their way through [Goblin](https://ddb.ac/monsters/goblin) territory. Eventually [[Danger Inc.]] found [[Calcryx]] the dragon, unfortunately during the scuffle, [[Meepo]] was lost.
[[Fuzula Fastbritches]] and [[Elinor]] were able to stop the battle before anyone else was lost. The party decided to placate the dragon by promising to help him, but actually intending to double cross [[Calcryx]] in order to get the key from [[Yusdrayl|Queen Yusdray]]
    ^summary

---


## Session Log


- The party took a short rest  
- The party and [[Meepo]] took the "short cut" to the [[Goblin|Goblins']] territory  
- After the group bypassed a trap in the hallway, [[Elinor]] unlocked the [Goblin](https://ddb.ac/monsters/Goblin) door with [[Bronson]]'s thieves tools she is now carrying  
- The group encountered three goblins and defeated them, taking one prisoner following a punch from [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]]  
- After much encouragement and his failed attempt to pretend he doesn't speak Common, the [Goblin](https://ddb.ac/monsters/Goblin) led them to the dragon's room.  
- [[Calcryx]] preferred his quarters and treatment with the goblins than with the kobolds, but would prefer freedom above either. [[Calcryx]], even at its young age, thirsts for respect and admiration.  
- Once the party presence began to become threatening (i.e. 5 people), [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] it became hostile.  
- In anticipation of an attack, [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] raged and attacked although his two handed sword couldn't breech its scaly hide.  
- [[Calcryx]]'s first attack included its former "dragon keeper," which was a breath weapon that killed [[Meepo]] outright, brought [[Olseris]] to the brink, and hurt [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]]. [[Olseris]] failed his first death save.  
- [[Bronson]] dragged [[Olseris]] out of the room and [[Eljas]] healed him a little.  
- [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]] made a clear display of admiration and [[Elinor]] used a slick tongue to convince the dragon they would help him; escape and/or destroy his former captives.  
- The party made plans to double cross the dragon and attack it when they got to the kobolds. The wyrmling wasn't smart enough to foresee their plans, but started to become cautious of the whispering in a language he didn't understand yet (namely Common).  
- [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] ran ahead. They told the dragon it was to ly to the kobolds and get them to expose themselves. They told the kobolds they were tricking the dragon into thinking that the party was returning the dragon.  
- As the group got close to the [[Yusdrayl|kobold queen]], [[Olseris]] announced "**Now!**" [[Elinor]] and [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]] made convincing ranged attacks at the kobolds to convince the dragon they are sincere. [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] rushed forward 15 feet.  
- At the same time, kobolds began pouring out of the doorways.  
- The current initiative order is:
1. [[Elinor]]
2. [[Eljas]]
3. [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]]
4. [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]]
5. [[Olseris]]
6. [Kobold](https://ddb.ac/monsters/Kobold)
7. [[Kobold Dragonshield]]
8. [[Bronson]]
9. [[Yusdrayl]]
  
The in-game time of day at the end of the session was: 3 pm on Month 3/Day 23



