---
title: 009-20200418
id: f1201fac-bbf7-4608-9825-1f1c1387bc55
created: 2022-09-25
fc-calendar: SumonHo
fc-date:
  year: 31
  month: 3
  day: 25
fc-category: Sessions
tags:
  - ttrpg/session/sumonho
---

# [[009-20200418]]

!!! info
    - campaign:: [[30-39 TTRPG/32 Campaigns/32.01 DotMM/SessionNotes/index|SumonHo]]
    - date:: 2022-09-25
    - type:: session, ttrpg
    - dm:: Don Warnecke
    - Last Session: [[008-20200409]]


---

!!! info "Session Summary: 009-20200418"
    Deeper into the [[Fortress Down Under]] the party goes. The depths are lush and covered with all kinds of vegetation. We "mowed down" anything in our way in what seemed like a large, underground arboretum. We found a shrine to [[Ashardalon]], and [[Olseris]] was attacked by a Shadow while investigating it. The shrine seems out of place with the current inhabitants of the fortress depths, but the dragon theme throughout this fortress has been consistent.
    ^summary

---


## Session Log

Quest: [[Search and Rescue - Powell]]

- The party moved through a couple of rooms designed with low walls and caltrops to protect against frontal assault. Clearly, fighting between the goblins and kobolds occurred, with the kobolds attacking from the back way.
- Kobolds now occupied the smoky central hall.
- One of the occupying [Kobold Elite](https://ddb.ac/monsters/kobold-dragonshield) said the party, *‘didn’t complete their task’* but *‘defeated the evil [goblin](https://ddb.ac/monsters/goblin) chief for the good of the [[Kobold Body]].’*
- The party saw [[Grenl]] in the goblins’ throne room. She said a [goblin](https://ddb.ac/monsters/goblin) working below told her that the humans were *‘not killed, but given over to the tree.’*
    - This is a reference to the Powell Children
- The party climbed down into the 80’ shaft two at a time. [[Olseris]] secured a rope to a piton he put in the wall. First, [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]]/[[Bronson]] climbed down. When they were half way down, [[Olseris]]/[[Eljas]] headed down. As [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] and [[Bronson]] reached the bottom, [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] was attacked by twig blights, and the gardening skeletons followed suit. [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]]/[[Elinor]] headed down. Despite looking similar to woody children in the weird light of the plants, the party prevailed by ‘mowing’ them down.
- Using his healing magic, [[Eljas]] kept the party healthy.
- Moving north from the large, luminescent plant lit room, they encountered a [[bugbear]] and his pet giant rats. [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] made short work of him with a well-placed swing of his great sword.
- They followed a tunnel for about 20 minutes before deciding it was not part of the Fortress.
- Walking through [[Belak]]’s labrotory as quietly as possible, the team didn’t encounter any resistance…and [[Bronson]] found a brass brazier while [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] investigated.
- The party found themselves in spacious garden galleries. They headed north through an underground arboretum. By happenstance, they found a shrine to [[Ashardalon]].
- While investigating the **statue of a dragon with glowing red eyes**, [[Olseris]] was unsuccessfully assaulted in the eerie room by a murky, nebulous form that is best described as an ambulant [[shadow]].  
- The group steeled themselves to continue in the dreary place beyond the next door. They had seemed to make quick work of the dreadful level since climbing down the shaft.

The in-game time of day at the end of the session was: 12:45 am on Month 3/Day 25
