---
title: 011-20200430
id: a878fad6-87e7-485e-89fa-a847fbe8a813
created: 2022-09-25
fc-calendar: SumonHo
fc-date:
  year: 31
  month: 3
  day: 25
fc-category: Sessions
tags:
  - ttrpg/session/sumonho
---

# [[011-20200430]]

!!! info
    - campaign:: [[30-39 TTRPG/32 Campaigns/32.01 DotMM/SessionNotes/index|SumonHo]]
    - date:: 2022-09-25
    - type:: session, ttrpg
    - dm:: Don Warnecke
    - Last Session: [[010-20200423]]


---

!!! info
    [[Sharwyn Powell|Sharwyn]] was lost in the battle with [[Belak]], though truly the moment he bound her to the tree she was truly lost.
    ^summary

---


## Session Log

Quest: [[Search and Rescue - Powell]]

- As the fight went on, [[Belak]] tried to escape with his life.
- [[Olseris]] put the finishing blow on the evil tree badly damaged by [[Elinor]] (and [[Eljas]]) which freed another of the tree’s “supplicants.” This rapier wielding man turned on [[Belak]], presumably his former master.
- Without sufficient time to evaluate the effect of the damaged tree (or being able to see the full extent of that damage), [[Bronson]] “dropped” [[Sharwyn Powell|Sharwyn]]. He couldn’t survive another blast like her last one.
- [[Bronson]] took her component pouch and disarmed her body, but couldn’t figure out how to stop the bleeding on her changed physiology, not that he had any particular skill in this activity. In the heat of the moment, he forgot he had a healer’s kit in his pack (I’m not sure during what adventure he got this).
- Thanks to [[Elinor]]’s efforts, [[Belak]]’s former lackey dropped him. Then turned on [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]].
- [[Eljas]] beheaded [[Belak]] to take it with him.
- The party collected Braford’s chain mail, shield, and magic sword ([[Shatterspike]]); [[Sharwyn Powell|Sharwyn]]’s magic dagger, “Robbie’s” rapier, crossbow, and leather armor; and [[Belak]]’s Wand of Entangle.
- In [[Belak]]’s study, the party found 365 gp, 4 agate gems (20 gp each), spell scroll of entangle, spell scroll of protection from poison, and a tome on the druidic theories on the cycle of life and death (worth 150 gp).
- Taking [[Sharwyn Powell|Sharwyn]]’s body, they headed back above ground. Grenyl was disappointed the party destroyed the tree and made one half-hearted attempt to coax the party to take care of the kobolds to destroy the dragon. Then they left the “[[Fortress Down Under]].”
- As the group climbed the stairs, the wind howled. They heard something eerie on the wind, but it was too hard to hear to tell what it was, or even to be sure if you really heard something.
- The party decided to go to the road and travel alongside it taking some cover. [[Fowlerville]] is 4 hours away. The party could see fine with the ambient light of the moon.
- About 30 minutes into the trip, a crimson light shone behind them. It was several thin lights from the ground into the clouds in the sky. After a few seconds, the thin columns of lights combined into one column.
- The group continued on to [[Fowlerville]].
- The party was expecting to have to talk to a guard to learn where [[Vivian Powell]] lives. [[Eljas]] also planned to take [[Belak]]’s head to the local [[guard]] and let them know about the goblins and kobolds, including the dragon wyrmling.

## Treasure
#ttrpg/treasure distribution from [[Fortress Down Under|the Fortress Down Under]] included

- 132 gp to each party member
- [[30 TTRPG/33 Compendium/33.02 NPCsSir Braford|Sir Braford]]’s magic longsword ([[Magic Items#Shatterspike|Shatterspike]]) to [[Eljas]]
- [[Belak]]’s [[Magic Items#Wand of Entangle]] went to [[Elinor]]
- [[Sharwyn Powell|Sharwyn]]’s dagger +1 to [[Bronson]]
- the goblin’s Static Shortbow to [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]]. 

-The party also found 8 spell scrolls; six found/carried by [[Olseris]] and 2 found/carried by [[Bronson]]. [[Olseris]] and [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] did not receive permanent magic items during this adventure.

The in-game time of day at the end of the session was: 7:30 am on Month 3/Day 25

