---
title: 015-20220521
id: a7c7d5e8-6f01-4129-93dd-cab32ecdf5ea
created: 2022-09-25
fc-calendar: SumonHo
fc-date:
  year: 31
  month: 4
  day: 6
fc-category: Sessions
tags:
  - ttrpg/session/sumonho
---

# [[015-20220521]]

!!! info
    - campaign:: [[30-39 TTRPG/32 Campaigns/32.01 DotMM/SessionNotes/index|SumonHo]]
    - date:: 2022-09-25
    - type:: session, ttrpg
    - dm:: Don Warnecke
    - Last Session: [[014-20200521]]


---

!!! info "Session Summary: 015-20220521"
    ^summary

---

## Session Log


Quest: [[SLD - Retrieve Necromancers Bane]]

- The party left the [[Dancing Drake]] with their belongings including the cart and many oats.
- That first day and night was uneventful.
- The next day late in the morning, the party road up behind a figure shuffling along pulling a mule behind her. She was headed through [[Blessingburg]] on her way to her clan in the mountains.
- [[Christeria]] is a bright eyed merchant and "oral historian" selling exotic knick knacks; items whose primary value is the history associated with them...assuming it is true. For example, she possesses "the first gold coin [[Joren]] made working for [[Julo Aimes|Monarch Julo]]" or several animal figurines carved out of wood that "were used by [[Elizabeth Seaver|Archmage Elizabeth Seaver]] when she was a child."
- [[Olseris]] wasn't interested in [[Joren]]'s coin for 200 gp, but he happily gave [[Christeria]] a gold to read his palm. She made some other comments that seemed beyond her knowledge, like calling [[Elinor]] a [[30 TTRPG/31 GM Resources/31.01 System Rules/Classes/Bard|bard]] and motioning toward [[Eljas]] when her story included [[Drawr]] putting an enemy's head on a pole.
- Finding her somewhere between "harmless" and "more than she appears if she is walking around out here by herself," the party invited her to travel with them. She offered to do 2 palm readings for free out of appreciation for the ride.
- When asked for her favorite story, she didn't have one but recanted the famous story of [[Drawr]] defeating the [[Northern Army]]. It was interesting and seemed to have a lot of detail. It included [[Joren|Joren]], [[Drawr]] (who she called the [[Drawr|Sage of Ironville]]), [[Ajax]], [[Travis]], and others. She also mentioned a [[Ryan|Sir Ryan]] who wasn't with them any longer and [[Oigah]], the "Ogre hero" who led the [[Northern Army]].
- A couple hours after meeting [[Christeria]], [[Olseris]] spotted a flash of light about a mile away; like the glint of the sun off metal.
- Soon after that, the road passes through small rolling hills. As you round a bend in the road, you see a wagon along the side of the road about 200 feet ahead of you. The wagon has a single, thin draft horse attached to it. It appears to be broken down as a figure, hooded from the beating sun, stands next to the road leaning on the side of the wagon. It looks like a large man is kneeling to work with the brake-side wheel. Neither seems to have noticed you at the moment.
- [[Olseris]] made [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]] invisible for her to scout ahead. [[Eljas]], and others, got off the wagon about 120 feet away to see if he could help. It was an orc ambush.  
- The 5 orcs, [[orc]] shaman, and orc barbarian didn't outnumber their quarry since the addition of [[Christeria]]. Although [[Christeria]] wasn't much of a fighter, her [[Spells B#Bless]] spell was helpful and her attack cantrip bypassed the barbarian's resistances to normal weapons.
- The barbarian had a shield representing the "[[Tear Bringers]]" clan from [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]]'s past.
- The assailants had 5 poor quality greataxes, a greataxe, a spear, 10 poor quality javelins, 2 handaxes, 2 javelins, ring mail armor, a dented sheild, 5 hide armor, a [[Tear Bringers]] shield, 42 gp, 86 sp, and 2 azurite gemstones (10 gp each).

  

The in-game time of day at the end of the session was: 2 pm on Month 4/Day 06
