---
title: 018-20200625
id: 50eb51d1-fbe1-49fb-91b6-6ba11952832e
created: 2022-09-25
fc-calendar: SumonHo
fc-date:
  year: 31
  month: 4
  day: 9
fc-category: Sessions
tags:
  - ttrpg/session/sumonho
---

# [[018-20200625]]

!!! info
    - campaign:: [[30-39 TTRPG/32 Campaigns/32.01 DotMM/SessionNotes/index|SumonHo]]
    - date:: 2022-09-25
    - type:: session, ttrpg
    - dm:: Don Warnecke
    - Last Session: [[017-20200611]]


---

!!! info "Session Summary: 018-20200625"
    ^summary

---

## Session Log

Quest: [[SLD - Retrieve Necromancers Bane]]

- The party, having prevented themselves from being locked out, fought and defeated the orcs at the door. As part of the fight, [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] kicked two orcs into the crevice to the rushing water far, far below.
- While the battle raged on, one of the orcs across the crevice ran for help. The other was able to cut the rope bridge over the crevice.   
- While the party considered whether to try to get across the crevice or head through the secret door the orc archers came through, they ended up going through the door.
- It ended in a 10’x10’ empty room. Being an odd end to the hall, [[Olseris]] looked for (and found) a well hidden door.
- The secret hall ended in a dingy bunk room. Although there were signs of recent occupation like a pair of torches, the room was empty. 
- [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] checked out a box of nasty personal items. But she also realized there was a loose stone nearby where you walked in, finding a sack of 250 sp, 40 gp, and a potion.
- Leaving the bunk room, [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] and [[Eljas]] both were blasted with noxious gas after stepping on a pressure plate. Although painful and causing a scratchy throat, they resisted any significant impact.
- The aged dwarven statue that released the gas was the image of a dwarf holding a sword and hammer. The hammer head was not stone and was a work of master smith [[Durgeddin]].
- [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] broke it off, but left it on the floor as the noise attracted the orc who was summoning help to defend their lair. [[Olseris]] picked it up and put it in his bag. (The hammer head, not the orc)
- In addition to the orc who had ran away at the crevice, the “Great Ulfe” with his pets Vak and Thrag. During the battle, [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] went into a frenzied rage. Before the battle could come to an end, four other orcs also joined the fray.
- For the first time, [[Elinor]] used the wand she took from [[Belak]]. Three were slain, but one was able to break free from the vines grasp and escape through the other end of the magical, clingy garden.
- The entire party contributed to overcoming the series of encounters from [[Elinor]]’s rapier and eldritch blast shots; [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]]’s good aim and cool bow; [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]]’s crevice “feet;” [[Eljas]]’s spell use and joining [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] toe-to-toe against the ogre & pets; to [[Olseris]]’s eldritch blast damage.  
- The party needed to make a quick decision to drop the Entangle spell to chase after the orc, just ignore him and move on, enter the Great Ulfe’s room, or move back the way they came to try to take a short rest.  

The in-game time of day at the end of the session was: 9:30 pm on Month 4/Day 09

## Treasure
#ttrpg/treasure  found in [[Khandrukar]]

- 250 SP
- 40 GP
- 1 potion
