---
title: 021-20200804
id: 57f017f2-87a6-4c0d-bcf3-55ed3540816d
created: 2022-09-25
fc-calendar: SumonHo
fc-date:
  year: 31
  month: 4
  day: 10
fc-category: Sessions
tags:
  - ttrpg/session/sumonho
---

# [[021-20200804]]

!!! info
    - campaign:: [[30-39 TTRPG/32 Campaigns/32.01 DotMM/SessionNotes/index|SumonHo]]
    - date:: 2022-09-25
    - type:: session, ttrpg
    - dm:: Don Warnecke
    - Last Session: [[020-20200716]]


---

!!! info
    ^summary

---

## Session Log

Quest: [[SLD - Retrieve Necromancers Bane]]


- Entering a massive cavern full of phosphorescent plants and a sparkling ceiling, the party saw a couple stairs and a door. They headed toward the door.
- Along the way, they were attacked by a pair of monstrous worms with tentacles centered by a beak. The two that ambushed them were killed, and at least one more was elsewhere in the room.
- [[Elinor]] picked the difficult lock on the door. At the door, the [[Divining Dagger]] began to glow faint blue light indicating it was within 300 feet of the [[Necomancers Bane]].
- The Player Characters had enough experience to achieve 4th level, but needed a couple days of downtime to transform that experience into new capability.
- [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]] scouted ahead on the other side of the door.
- Going up a set of steep stairs, they came to an octagonal room. The dust on the floor led them to a secret door instead of the trapped doors. The ringing of hammer on anvil could be heard.
- Walking half way up the 20’ stairs, a ‘magic mouth’ spell called out in Dwarvish “Alert! Alert! Intruders approach!” each time someone passed. At the top of the stairs, a stone door carved with a glowering dwarf’s face.
- Beyond that door, a hidden voice called out “Go back the way you came! (in common) and “This is the only warning you’ll get. Trespassing will not be forgiven!” (in Draconic). As the party moved into the room, the hidden creature summoned 8 giant poisonous snakes. He, a [[lizardfolk shaman]], was supported by 2 [lizardfolk](https://ddb.ac/monsters/lizardfolk) and 4 kobolds. All but the undamaged shaman was killed.
- It was a long, tough slog of a fight. [[Elinor]] and [[Bronson]] were both brought to zero. [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] would have if it wasn’t for her Relentless Endurance. With [[Bronson]] still unconscious and others at single digit hit points, three [lizardfolk](https://ddb.ac/monsters/lizardfolk) reinforcements showed up. [[Olseris]] blasted the first one in the line with an incredible eldritch blast. The other 2 primitive [lizardfolk](https://ddb.ac/monsters/lizardfolk) turned and ran back out of the room to regroup.
- The party, with [[Eljas]] carrying [[Bronson]], also ran out to regroup. They headed down the steep stairs, over to and up the grand stairs, and through to outside.
- [[Olseris]] and [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] popped into the Great Ulfe’s room. One of the two chests was missing. They took the other one with them. Within the chest, there are 380 gp, 30 sp, a dozen fine dishes (mostly broken), a potion of climbing, and a magnificent rapier. “The ogre would never stoop to wielding the delicate blade like some prancing bard.”
- Leaving the front entrance of [[Khandrukar]], they left the door open. If someone was to come along behind the party and bar it, they should be able to find the old orc tunnel to get back in.
- During the downtime, the party deduces that the two found potions that look similar are both healing potions. One was found on the [[Orog]] that dropped [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] and I think the other one was found in the orc bunkroom. [[Elinor]] uses detect magic to confirm that the rapier +1 (from Great Ulfe’s room) and long sword +1 with [[Durgeddin]]’s smith-mark (from fungus cavern) are both magical. The steel helmet chased with silver is not.
- The party plans to spend the next 2 days “leveling up.”

---

!!! info
    You spend the next 2 days incorporating the lessons you have learned over the last 3 weeks. Combining the experiences you have had with the formal instruction and advice, you incorporate that experience into your repertoire with focused practice, prayer, meditation, exercise, and visualization techniques. Making good use of this downtime, your reflection and kata/forms allowed access to increased abilities and spells.
    
    You also feel your nascent connection to the Power behind the alter strengthen, especially among those of you who have had the opportunity and need to use the gifts. Some of your bodies seemed to resist the surge that day. As your martial, spell, and abilities improve, so do you recognize these capabilities. Each of you who were fully overwhelmed by the power realize you are able to cast 2 cantrips, which includes 5 of 6 party members. Whenever this is discussed over the campfire, it is with disappointment that [[Bronson]] recognizes that he alone only has cantrip. He is still excited to have received Shocking Grasp.
    
    Each of you also notice a violet tint to your fingernails and toenails. They vary slightly. [[Eljas]] and [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] Khill|[[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]]’s are a little more visible than others, but they all deepen a bit as the days go by.

---

  
- In the morning on the second day of your downtime, [[Eljas]] receives a message in his mind he knows to be from [[Averos]]. For reference, it is the 7th day since you left the [[Dancing Drake]] and it is Month 4/Day 12. The message is… “I hope you’re well. Can you give me a 25 word update on your progress? I’m still working on [[Bronson]]’s question. Be safe.”
- [[Eljas]] moves away from the camp and finds a quiet clearing to spend some time crafting a response.
- [[Eljas]] didn't get a chance to give that message before he got a follow-up message from [[Averos]]. "I hope your silence isn't a bad omen. The magic allows an immediate 25 word response. If danger prevents speech, you can communicate with thoughts."
- [[Eljas]] replies in his mind, "Party alive, dinged up. Regrouping for second assault. Great Ulfe and multiple Orcs dead. Further updates as events warrant."

The in-game time of day at the end of the session was: 1:30 pm on Month 4/Day 10


## Treasure
#ttrpg/treasure distribution

+1 rapier - everyone in the party is proficient with this weapon (martial weapon - [https://www.dndbeyond.com/equipment/rapier](https://www.dndbeyond.com/equipment/rapier)). The most obvious candidate for this is Ellinor, but not sure if the preference is short sword + dagger, or continuing to use a rapier.   

+1 longsword - everyone in the party is proficient with this weapon ([https://www.dndbeyond.com/equipment/longsword](https://www.dndbeyond.com/equipment/longsword)). I would like to take this longsword, as taking it would allow me to change one of my Eldritch invocations, swapping it for Mask of Many faces (meaning I would be able to change my appearance at will). I spoke with [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] and [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]], and neither wants the longsword. If no one else objects to me using it, then I'll pay the %10 of it's value to the [[SLD]] out of my gold, per our agreement with them. Please let me know, if you get a chance, so I can make those changes to my sheet prior to our session Thursday.  

Everyone gets 152 GP and 11 SP and 3 CP.

[[Olseris]] is holding 10% of the treasure value back for the [[SLD]]
