---
title: 023-20200820
id: c23fd86e-c316-44be-8ae5-954399a7bffe
created: 2020-08-20
fc-calendar: SumonHo
fc-date:
  year: 31
  month: 4
  day: 13
fc-category: Sessions
tags:
  - ttrpg/session/sumonho
---

# [[023-20200820]]

!!! info
    - campaign:: [[30-39 TTRPG/32 Campaigns/32.01 DotMM/SessionNotes/index|SumonHo]]
    - date:: 2020-08-20
    - type:: session, ttrpg
    - dm:: Don Warnecke
    - Last Session: [[022-20200816]]


---

!!! info "Session Summary: 023-20200820"
    ^summary

---

## Session Log

Quest: [[SLD - Retrieve Necromancers Bane]]

- The secret door led 20’ to a ‘T’ in the hall. The group becoming known as [[Danger Inc.]] headed right.
- After passing another secret door, they came to a ledge that overlooked a deep hole farther into the earth. A waterfall from the river that ran through the dwarven bladeworks was across the pit to the right. A chain ladder was at the edge of the ledge.
- Thanks to [[Olseris]], an invisible [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]] scouted below. Thirty foot below, she found a ledge with a small tunnel. It led 50’ to a natural chamber with a pool of water, a constructed wall with reinforced door, an aged chair, and similar table. 
- [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]] returned to the chain ladder to take it 130’ farther down. The crashing of water from the waterfall was deafening. The tracks down here and her Primeval Awareness told her that a dragon was indeed down here.
- She returned up top, collected the [[Divining Dagger]], and climbed back down. Before she reached the bottom, the dagger indicated that she was now more than 100 feet from the [[Necomancers Bane]]. Returning to the small ledge, she went in. Before she reached the room with the pool, the dagger indicated she was within 30’ of the fabled warhammer.
- [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]] conferred with [[Danger Inc.]] and they assembled in the room with the pool. 
- Through the unlocked door, they found 3 rooms with frescos. One room had a continually burning brazier and little else. One had three weapons on display racks. “All are of the highest quality and are engraved with [[Durgeddin]]’s mark. To the left, a fine long sword. To the right, a beautiful battle axe. In the center, a magnificent war hammer.” The third room had the device for which they searched. But it had a painful lock of 3 keys and a plunger.
- As they took their time trying to determine where the protective traps were, [[Eljas]] became impatient and opened the class case and took the [[Necomancers Bane]] (at this point, play triumphed music). He tucked it in the shoulder straps of his backpack.
- As the party left the “Hammer level,” an invisible [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]] headed up the ladder to leave with the prize. [[Eljas]] and [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] went down. [[Elinor]] reluctantly followed. [[Olseris]] joined them. [[Bronson]], although letting some distance between them, relented. With several admonitions that “this is a bad idea,” [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]] was forced to go down to stick with the party.
- Cassiel, [[Bronson]]’s familiar, went forward to check it out. Although visibility was hard through Cass’s eyes, they confirmed the dragon was with his treasure.
- After some consideration, [[Elinor]] and [[Olseris]] had an idea. With their magic and gifts, they both appeared as lizardfolk and quietly made their way toward the treasure. As they neared the edge, still just over 60’ away, the dragon slid off into the water.  
- It’s head rose out of the water 15’ from the shore saying in common, “Yes.”
- The fear was nearly overwhelming, but [[Elinor]] and [[Olseris]] kept their calm. It, however, was very difficult to think and [[Elinor]] struggled to spin a believable story on the spot.
- [[Olseris]] dropped his lizardfolk appearance, and summoned his pact weapon in the likeness of the [[Necomancers Bane]]. He claimed to have heard that the mighty dragon was down here and they brought the most fabulous weapon in exchange for letting them leave unharmed. The dragon seemed skeptical, but ultimately said that [[Olseris]] could lay down his tribute and leave in safety.
- [[Olseris]] and [[Elinor]]’s retreat was slowed by a bridge collapsing under the weight of both of them. [[Danger Inc.]] rushed up the ladder. They had to hurry because the pact weapon would disappear 1 minute after it was more than 5 feet from [[Olseris]].
- As they crossed the Glitterhame at a quick jog, the black dragon squeezed through a door to the south. They continued to rush toward their exit door. When the dragon saw they weren’t following the path, it rushed forward.
- [[Eljas]] was separated a little as he was the least agile person of the group. The dragon landed by him as he ran.
- [[Eljas]] landed a hit with his spiritual weapon, but Toll the Dead was resisted. He persevered forward, but the dragon took a bite out of him as he ran for the door with the rest.
- As most of the party followed [[Eljas]]’s request and continued on, two came back. [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] grabbed the [[Necomancers Bane]] from him so if his heroic efforts went badly the hammer wouldn’t be lost. [[Olseris]] also came back, Suggested (spell) the dragon leave them alone, saw that his attempt was resisted, and positioned himself protectively behind [[Eljas]]. [[Eljas]] wouldn’t be standing if he took another bite like that.
- Seeing the half-elf who tried to trick him, the dragon released a massive stream of acid at the two friends. Both of our heroes were dead within seconds after hitting the ground. The acid ate into their equipment and flesh.
- Fearful that they weren’t catching up but more fearful that the dragon was still closing in, the party climbed to the Mountain Door. There, after [[Bronson]] reformed Cass as a hawk, they headed back to their basecamp where they rested and trained the days before.
- With great sadness, the party realized that their friends had fallen.
- Also disappointing, lost were 3 magic swords ([[Magic Items#Shatterspike]], a longsword +1, and a rapier +1), the [[Divining Dagger]], and the funds set aside for the [[SLD]].
- Worry creeps into their minds as they wonder if the dragon could know that the [[Divining Dagger]] could be used in a search for the party. After all, it would be glowing faint green right now.
- Making sure to stay hidden from a flying search, the group sets down for a somber night despite having retrieved their goal. But what a story they have to tell!
