---
title: 027-20201002
id: 9d37eeb2-f35c-493e-ba27-0f8bf6596dd4
created: 2022-10-02
fc-calendar: SumonHo
fc-date:
  year: 31
  month: 4
  day: 24
fc-category: Sessions
tags:
  - ttrpg/session/sumonho
---

# [[027-20201002]]

!!! info
    - campaign:: [[30-39 TTRPG/32 Campaigns/32.01 DotMM/SessionNotes/index|SumonHo]]
    - date:: 2020-10-02
    - type:: session, ttrpg
    - dm:: Don Warnecke
    - Last Session: [[026-20200925]]


---

!!! info
    ^summary

---

## Session Log

Where are we:
- [[Aimesville]]

- [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] had an exciting evening. His bar fight at the [[Hobbled Knob]] turned into a fight with three men, one who waited a couple rounds to join in brought a shortsword to the fist fight. So [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] brought out his great axe and cut him down.
- Offering the name [[Kereshi Khill|Regina Philange]] and hailing from “you know” “the [[Ravaged Lands]]” when the guard had all four fighters identified, [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] kept her identity a secret while she spent the night in jail.
- [[Elinor]] and [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]] headed back to their room and went to bed.
- [[Gwyn Hovey|Sigmund]], [[Bronson]], and [[Freddie]] headed back to the [[Home Comfort Inn]] for the night.
- [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]], I mean Regina, slept in jail to recover from his exhaustion.  
- The next morning at breakfast, despite no one having any idea where [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] was, the party discussed their options. Ultimately, they decided to attend to other duties and decide whether to visit the [[Everson Estate]] or the building behind the [[Dirty Kitten]] tomorrow morning.
- [[Bronson]] went in look for a trainer to help him turn his experience in to solid techniques.
- [[Elinor]] and [[Gwyn Hovey|Sigmund]] went out while [[Freddie]] waited behind in case [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] showed up. She sold the three excellent weapons with [[Durgeddin]]’s mark for 150 gp. On the way back to the Inn, they found [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]]. [[Elinor]] also bought a spell scroll of Bane. She couldn’t find a magic wand.
- Upon returning back to the Inn, [[Gwyn Hovey]] Hovey|[[Gwyn Hovey]] Hovey|Sigmund]] went to the Kalevala campus in [[Aimesville]]. It has individual temples to [[Ilmatar]], [[Rondos]], [[Yipen]], and the god in waiting [[Diancecht]]. [[Gwyn Hovey]] Hovey|[[Gwyn Hovey]] Hovey|Sigmund]] visited his mother and worshipped at the temple.
- [[Elinor]] met [[Laidor]] at the [[Fizzy Naval Bar and Tavern]]. He was happy to see her and interested in her adventures. [[Laidor]] didn’t know anything about a “brotherhood” that called their members “Disciples”. He described the [[Dirty Kitten]] and a nearby building that is processed and shipped.
- [[Laidor]] said that the [[Dirty Kitten]] was a tavern and shop. They sell “frozen eggs,” a magic device that absorbs heat (keeping things cool).
- [[Laidor]] told [[Elinor]] about a “crafty” boy named [[Booster]], a “lad will do anything for a coin.” Among other things, he can identify magic items and forge documents. “He can be found off Humper-gruff Street in the alley between the Bathhouse the [[Exotic Object]], a store specializing in uncommon used items.” 
- Upon [[Elinor]]’s return to the Inn, the group ate dinner and shared what they knew. Then they headed to bed for the night.
- In the morning, they meet downstairs for breakfast.  

The in-game time of day at the end of the session was: 8 am on Month 4/Day 24

