---
title: 030-20201105
id: d779be89-6ade-446f-bb7d-0896b778ea79
created: 2020-11-05
fc-calendar: SumonHo
fc-date:
  year: 31
  month: 4
  day: 26
fc-category: Sessions
tags:
  - ttrpg/session/sumonho
---

# [[030-20201105]]

!!! info
    - campaign:: [[300 DnD/30-39 Campaigns/32 SumonHo/index.md|SumonHo]]
    - date:: 2020-11-05
    - type:: session, ttrpg
    - dm:: Don Warnecke
    - Last Session: [[029-20201022]]


---

!!! info "Session Summary: 030-20201105"
    ^summary

---

## Session Log


- Start in [[Everson Estate]]
- [[Danger Inc.]]  headed upstairs after packing up the [[Penetration Stone|Penetration Stone]], running into [[Istle]] the steward along the way.
- [[Carter Everson]] thanked them and they parted ways with the stone.
- [[Booster]]/Lem awaited them at the inn.
- [[Booster]] forged a letter very similar to the real one from [[The Prophet]] (to [[Disciple Antwon]]) except it claimed the next [[Penetration Stone|Penetration Stone]] was in the mountains north of [[Blessingburg]] in a place called the [[Stone Tooth]]; the next two were in one of the old dwarven fortresses in the mountains across the [[Ravaged Lands]] and in [[Fortress Down Under|the Fortress Down Under]]; and the last three were somewhere in the [[Northern Frontier]].
- [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]], disguised as a little girl and escorted by [[Elinor]]/[[Bronson]], slipped the letter “from [[The Prophet]]” under the waiter’s door.
- The next morning, [[Freddie]] caught up with his associate and brought her back to the [[Home Comfort Inn]]. She is a tiefling Physic Investigator that goes by the name [[Hopeful]].
- The party decided to travel to the prime material plane home of [[Hun-Hoksa]] to entrust the [[Penetration Stone|Penetration Stone]] with her.
- The place is called the Mountain Sanctum (although the DM didn’t share this with you, [[Freddie]] and [[Hopeful]] would have).
- First, [[Gwyn Hovey|Sigmund]] said goodbye to Mom. She gave him an apple pie and said she would mention to their superiors the idea of his involvement in representing the church in rebuilding Placidburg. She wouldn’t recommend it as he was uncertain of his goals.
- [[Booster]] identified [[Disciple Antwon]]’s leather armor (Resistance to Necrotic) and didn’t let his sister leave without delivering the Bag of Holding.
- After 4 days travel, they were ready to begin the ascent to the Mountain Sanctum. After an hour of travel along the mountain trail, they found a good campsite.
- The march, although not “difficult terrain” with [[Freddie]]’s expertise, was grueling work. [[Elinor]] was very exhausted. [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]], [[Gwyn Hovey|Sigmund]], and [[Freddie]] were exhausted. However, [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]], [[Gwyn Hovey|Sigmund]], [[Freddie]], and [[Hopeful]] felt reinvigorated near the end.
- The party encountered a little misdirection at the Mountain Sanctum as Physic Superior [[Lana]] allowed the party to believe she was [[Hun-Hoksa]] until she knew their intentions.
- [[Hun-Hoksa]] appears as a horse of a tannish-orange color with a white mane streaked with pink highlights that flies (without wings) and communicates via telepathy.
- [[Hun-Hoksa]] reduced [[Elinor]]’s exhaustion by a level.
- [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]], [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]], and [[Elinor]] intend to continue to serve [[Hun-Hoksa]], specifically in the retrieval of the [[Penetration Stone]]. [[Gwyn Hovey|Sigmund]], after consideration about being true to his deity, asked for gifts from [[Hun-Hoksa]] in exchange for a similar service.
- The party slept within the protection of the [[30 TTRPG/33 Compendium/33.06 Locations/Mountain Sanctuary|Mountain Sanctuary]].

The in-game time of day at the end of the session was: 8 am on Month 4/Day 26
