---
title: 031-20201112
id: 384d5d42-b625-48aa-8cea-0edbf0943652
created: 2020-11-12
fc-calendar: SumonHo
fc-date:
  year: 31
  month: 4
  day: 27
fc-category: Sessions
tags:
  - ttrpg/session/sumonho
---

# [[031-20201112]]

!!! info
    - campaign:: [[30-39 TTRPG/32 Campaigns/32.01 DotMM/SessionNotes/index|SumonHo]]
    - date:: 2020-11-12
    - type:: session, ttrpg
    - dm:: Don Warnecke
    - Last Session: [[030-20201105]]


---

!!! info
    ^summary

---

## Session Log

- Physic Superior [[Lana]] offered to have [[Hopeful]] go with the party to continue her mission of seeking out the [[Penetration Stone]].
- [[Lana]] also told the party that [[Hun-Hoksa]] contacted some acquaintances last night and the [[Tear Bringers]] orc tribe hasn’t moved for years, since it absorbed [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]]’s clan. She didn’t know about the [[Passion Place]]. 
- [[Gwyn Hovey|Sigmund]] and [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] joined the “morning routine” while [[Elinor]] and [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]] got to know [[Hopeful]].
- The party shared what they knew about the cult with Physic Investigator [[Selena]]. She may be assigned the work assignment of investigating them.
- [[Averos]] ‘touched base’ with the party via [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]].
- Leaving their horses in the care of the Physics and their wagon hidden, [[Hun-Hoksa]] personally helped the party get just shy of the [[Dancing Drake]]. She cast Wind Walk again, heading back to the Mountain Sanctum while the party continued on to the Inn.
- [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]] left [[Tonya]] (waitress) a 1 gp tip.
- After dinner, the party followed [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]], all in wind form, to the fortress of the Tear Bringer orcs.
- [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] and crew entered a couple of tents used by the shamans.
- While in the shaman’s tent of [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]]’s original clan, [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]] saw that the [[Penetration Stone|Penetration Stone]] was part of the shaman’s stone table.
- After solidifying, [[Elinor]] was able to put the shaman to sleep. He was none the wiser when the party snuck out in wind form with the [[Penetration Stone|Penetration Stone]].
- [[Danger Inc.]]  soared as far as they could go before the Wind Walk spell ended. Then quickly found a place to crash for the night.
- [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]] and [[Elinor]] took first watch.

The in-game time of day at the end of the session was: 2 am on Month 4/Day 27
