---
title: 032-20201119
id: 18f2bb5d-e469-42cc-87f0-1387e9dcd670
created: 2020-11-19
fc-calendar: SumonHo
fc-date:
  year: 31
  month: 4
  day: 27
fc-category: Sessions
tags:
  - ttrpg/session/sumonho
---

# [[032-20201119]]

!!! info
    - campaign:: [[30-39 TTRPG/32 Campaigns/32.01 DotMM/SessionNotes/index|SumonHo]]
    - date:: 2020-11-19
    - type:: session, ttrpg
    - dm:: Don Warnecke
    - Last Session: [[031-20201112]]


---

!!! info
    ^summary

---

## Session Log

- Investigating some rustling noise over night near the campsite, the sound seemed to be in the air. Faint magic permeated the area.
- That night, no one slept well. [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]] had terrible nightmares preventing her from getting much rest, even taking 6 points of psychic damage that reduced her maximum hit points.
- The party set out late morning to head back to [[Aimesland]].  
- A few hundred feet from your campsite, you met [[Auntie Caustic]] (aka [[Auntie Caustic|Caus]]). She is a middle-aged female hafling in dirty traveling clothes and studded leather armor. She has dark yellow bracers on her wrists and a circlet of dull yellow metal. At her waist band under her cloak, a short sword and dagger are sheathed. A scar runs from her left temple down to her jaw line, an apparent souvenir of a very close call.
- The party seems to consider [[Auntie Caustic|Caus]] somewhere between eccentric and insane. [[Gwyn Hovey|Sigmund]] has some doubt about the stories she spins and her intentions; admittedly “insane” people are hard to read. For example the whole Halfling, sister to the half-elf Gerald, is not impossible but implausible. Of course, in one night making 6 days travel and stealing a magical artifact from an entire orc tribe without a fight is not impossible but implausible.  
- [[[[Damage Inc.]] .]]  came to a line of meadow 200 feet across. Northwest to southeast, it is miles in both directions. This flowery grasslands probably serves as a natural conduit for water in the rainy season. They crossed it directly and wasted no time. In the meadow is where the party finally conceded to let [[Auntie Caustic]] walk with them instead of following behind them.
- Just on the other side of the meadow, the party encountered 7 Gnolls trailed by 8 hyenas. The party defeated them.
- Ten gnolls in a column were encountered and defeated. [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] found 7 gp, 22 sp, 10 simple spears, 10 rough wooden shields, and 2 low-quality longbows.
- A single tribesman was encountered at 100 feet. He slid back into the woods when spotted. You suspect he was not alone, but neither group engaged the other.
- There was an encounter with 2 giant boars and 2 boars (that we didn’t play through the details).
- As the sun has just dropped below the horizon, the party is just entering the part of the [[Ravaged Lands]] roughly cleared by the [[Aimesland]] military. You are about 90 minutes from the [[Dancing Drake]].

Further narrative

- The boars were seen at a distance of about 40 feet. There had been rustling of bushes in a heavily forested area. After a brief discussion, the party tried to move on with a wary eye. The giant boars came out and made aggressive motion but didn’t charge. Keeping to the ready but trying not to spook them, you were able to keep going without a fight.
- During a break, [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]]’s rough night is mentioned. [[Auntie Caustic|Caus]] claims it is an effect of the wild lands. She says her circlet protects from that pain.
- During the 9 hours of travel, there is some vague reference to next steps and going back to the [[Ravaged Lands]] to the ‘[[Passion Place]].’ [[Auntie Caustic|Caus]] says, “Oh, do you mean [[Passion Place|Lower Ecstasy]]. I’ve been to that cave complex. The thing that runs it is a terrible evil. He runs around with all like of humanoid. He looks like a man, but I think he is really a devil. Gerald, Jerry, and I tried to defeat him once but it was a lost cause. I don’t know though, you guys are pretty tough. Maybe we have a chance, especially if we take it by surprise.”


## Questions for next time

1. Are you leaving via a fort or are you going out without notice. You did not register on the way out of [[Aimesland]].
   
   I'm thinking if we leave via the fort, we might be able to get some rest, supplies, and potentially find some weapons training. Since we didn't register on the way out, this might cause some amount of friction trying to come back in. Seems like we have some pretty persuasive characters in the party that might be able to smooth things over though.
   
   Alternatively, we go out without notice, and hope that we don't run into any patrolling guards, then make our way to the [[Dancing Drake]].
2. Seems [[Auntie Caustic]] knows the way to the [[Passion Place]], aka Lower Ecstasy, and also has some knowledge of the danger there. Devils are usually bad news, and he has likely attracted a lot of minions to help him out. If taking him by surprise is needed, well, then we might want to put our immediate mission to go after the stones on hold, as stealth isn't exactly what this party does (and that's OK). I feel like we have some time, the letter we left the cult should help throw them off the scent. We could go back to [[Aimesville]] and see if we can spy on the cult to determine if they bought our forgery. This might also be a good time to deal with some of the Black Dragon's requests.
