---
title: 034-20200114
id: f57ea624-6714-4952-8821-9873a73367cf
created: 2020-01-14
fc-calendar: SumonHo
fc-date:
  year: 31
  month: 5
  day: 26
fc-category: Sessions
tags:
  - ttrpg/session/sumonho
---

# [[034-20200114]]

!!! info
    - campaign:: [[30-39 TTRPG/32 Campaigns/32.01 DotMM/SessionNotes/index|SumonHo]]
    - date:: 2020-01-14
    - type:: session, ttrpg
    - dm:: Don Warnecke
    - Last Session: [[033-20201210]]


---

!!! info
    ^summary

---

## Session Log

- [[Danger Inc.]]  completed their individual training and set out toward the [[Fortress Down Under]], picking up [[Auntie Caustic|Caus]]  along the way.
- The party took three uneventful days to travel to the home of the kobolds. Along the way, [[Auntie Caustic|Caus]]  gave [[Elinor]] and [[Hopeful]] each an ‘[[Auntie Summon Solution]].’ It can be used to alert [[Auntie Caustic|Caus]]  that they need her help. Another use would be if they were preparing to go assault the [[Passion Place|Lower Ecstasy]].
- They found [[Yusdrayl|Yusdrayl]]’s part of the dungeon the same, except for a few more kobolds and someone was building another wall which may seal off the entrance.
- [[Yusdrayl|Yusdrayl]] welcomed the group back to the “Lair of the Frost Dragon” although she didn’t seem to like that they have the password. She told an elite kobold to make sure it gets changed before sun up (in Draconic).
- [[Yusdrayl|Yusdrayl]] told of a necromancer or warlock, a wraith, and 7 other undead entered the throne room. They were looking for the “[[Eternal Ones Mace|Eternal One's mace]],” expecting it to be in a nearby crypt or temple.
- [[Yusdrayl|Yusdrayl]] described him as “He wore thick dark robes cinched by a raven colored belt. He wore an amulet of silver with two rows of beads, or something like that. His staff ended in a skull with golden teeth. His skin was stretched tight and his eyes were sunken in. It was awful.”
- While terrifying, [[Yusdrayl|Yusdrayl]] told them she didn’t know where a temple or burial would be in this area, even though she suspected that she did.
- The party agreed to search for the mace as long as [[Yusdrayl|Yusdrayl]] would owe them a favor; planning to use the favor as a way to get her in a position they could take her to the dragon. [[Yusdrayl|Yusdrayl]] agreed. “You do a favor for the [[Kobold Body]], the [[Kobold Body]] will do a favor for you.”
- Demonstrating his knowledge of Draconic, [[Gwyn Hovey]] asked if they would get the new password (in Draconic).
- [[Yusdrayl|Yusdrayl]] led them to the tight squeeze. She left them there to their task. Two kobolds waited nearby.
- As [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] was preparing to lower [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]] into the hole, the whole group started whispering about their next steps. The passageway gave out under the weight causing the party to slide down into a large hall.
- The cave in locked [[Danger Inc.]]  in the hall, surrounded by a noxious gas that makes their throats scratchy, keeps them coughing, and a grey/amber haze lightly obscures the area.
- As the group tried to figure out a way through the door, [[Hopeful]] summoned a spider familiar to scout down the hall under the door and [[Gwyn Hovey]] established a Tiny Hut.
- [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] knocked the door off its hinges with his sledge hammer; causing it to fall on him.
- [[Hopeful]] scouted with her spider. She detected a trap and snuck around a door, finding a [[giant crayfish]].
- [[Hopeful]] temporarily dismissed the familiar.
- As the party moved out, [[Hopeful]] tried to disable the trap the spider had found. Her piton didn’t hold and it set off the trap. Luckily, they were close enough together to not be separated by the trap.
- They passed through the double doors into a room with slippery mud and the [[giant crayfish]].
- After a Speak with Animals enabled talk with the beast, it was agitated and kept telling [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]] they should leave the room.
- [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]] lit him up with arrows, but it was still alive. [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] ran up and finished it off.
- But a huge hermit crab that was mistook for a boulder rushed forward. It grabbed [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] with its claw and grappled her.

- Note: Initiative order is…[[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]], [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]], [[Kalka-kylla]], [[Hopeful]], [[Elinor]], [[Gwyn Hovey]], and [[Auntie Caustic|Caus]]
- Note: [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] is grappled.
- Note: Don added the [[Auntie Summon Solution]] to both [[Elinor]] and [[Hopeful]]’s equipment inventory.

The in-game time of day at the end of the session was: 8 pm on Month 5/Day 26
