---
title: 035-20210127
id: 7a5fc2c2-d515-4267-ab8c-82f98757663e
created: 2021-01-27
fc-calendar: SumonHo
fc-date:
  year: 31
  month: 5
  day: 26
fc-category: Sessions
tags:
  - ttrpg/session/sumonho
---

# [[035-20210127]]

!!! info
    - campaign:: [[30-39 TTRPG/32 Campaigns/32.01 DotMM/SessionNotes/index|SumonHo]]
    - date:: 2021-01-27
    - type:: session, ttrpg
    - dm:: Don Warnecke
    - Last Session: [[034-20200114]]


---

!!! info "Session Summary: 035-20210127"
    ^summary

---

## Session Log

- The huge hermit crab threw [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] through a door but she got the killing blow with her first use of Javelin of Hadar.
- The poisonous air began taking its toll, no longer just irritating lungs and throats but now seeping into their bloodstream.
- The stairs down out of the room were a dead end because a mixture of mud and water made a quicksand-like material blocking the door.
- Heading through the door to the east, a side room was found. Originally covered by stucco, the moist air and saturated walls caused the wall covering to fall.
- [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]], [[Gwyn Hovey|Gwyn]], and [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]]’s air spirit were able to push the plug out of the way. The wet air mixed with the limestone to cause “caustic lime” that was so acidic it actually burned flesh and ate cloth. It was able to be washed off.
- In the foyer, [[Elinor]] picked a lock avoiding a dangerous trap to enter the sepulcher of [[Tloques-Popolocas]].
- [[Auntie Caustic|Caus]]  was cursed by a glyph upon removing the lid of his resting place.
- Auntie’s taking of a ring with no additional ill effects inspired the party to pilfer much of the valuables from the crypt.
- When the pendant was removed, with the mask already off, the magic that held [[Tloques-Popolocas]] was restrained. He began to restore himself. But an incredible barrage of attacks from [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]], [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]], [[Gwyn Hovey|Gwyn]], [[Elinor]], and [[Hopeful]] blasted him before he could.
- Recovered items verified by [[Elinor]] as magical included the:
    - mask & pendent
    - wide jade bead bracelets
    - jade ring of a man holding the moon
    - jade ring of a panther ready to strike
    - a dried out potion of ?
    - an elixir of ? 
- Non-magic items included:
    - a diadem of dark opals and jade discs
    - breastplate of jade and bone (protects like studded leather,)
    - over 100 beads (1 gp each)
    - a jade cube bead 
    - a large agate gem
    - and a mother-of-pearl in a clay container.   
- Finding this hallway to be a dead end, the party passed back through the hermit crab’s Roost of the Conch.
- Passing through a room of deeper mud and overturned pedestals, they followed a hallway where a steady stream of water trickled down the hall.
- A 12’ tall statue in the hall held a tray, had gems for eyes, and [[Elinor]] knew its sword was magical. As [[Auntie Caustic|Caus]]  began to climb the statue, [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] grabbed the halfling in her mighty grasp.
- [[Auntie Caustic|Caus]]  disappeared. [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] knew she wasn’t just invisible because she no longer had the [[Auntie Caustic|Caus]]  in her grasp. [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] assumed she had teleported away, but [[Gwyn Hovey|Gwyn]]’s remaining See Invisibility spell detected [[Auntie Caustic|Caus]]  in the Ethereal Plane.
- With [[Auntie Caustic|Caus]]  gone, [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] began climbing for the sword. She left the eyes, but her weight on the tray tipped the statue. The tipping of the statue revealed a secret tunnel (or with a banjo: SECRET TUNNEL, YEAH).
- [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]] scouted ahead. Approximately 100’ and one bend later the party exited a disengaged secret door.
- While a wet tunnel went to the east, [[Danger Inc.]]  crossed to the door and went through. The stairs behind the door led into a flooded room.  
  
I believe the detected magic items reside here. Please let me know if this is wrong. 

- [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] carries the handaxe. The pendant, bracelets, potion, elixir, and statue's long sword are in the bag of holding.
- The rings are in the possession of, but not worn by, [[Auntie Caustic|Caus]]  and [[Gwyn Hovey|Gwyn]].
- [[Elinor]] carries the mask in her pack.    

The in-game time of day at the end of the session was: 10:30 pm on Month 5/Day 26
