---
title: 037-20210218
id: 76921a9e-0b70-4511-81ad-d0504458479e
created: 2021-02-18
fc-calendar: SumonHo
fc-date:
  year: 31
  month: 5
  day: 27
fc-category: Sessions
tags:
  - ttrpg/session/sumonho
---

# [[037-20210218]]

!!! info
    - campaign:: [[30-39 TTRPG/32 Campaigns/32.01 DotMM/SessionNotes/index|SumonHo]]
    - date:: 2021-02-18
    - type:: session, ttrpg
    - dm:: Don Warnecke
    - Last Session: [[036-20210212]]


---

!!! info
    ^summary

---

## Session Log


- [[Elinor]], [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]], and [[Hopeful]] found a concealed door out of the Grand Hall. At the same time, [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] and [[Gwyn Hovey]] were released from their entrapment.
- The hall behind the sun had 4 statuary animal heads on the wall. The eagle head had a round piece of jewelry the size of a bracelet in its beak. When [[Gwyn Hovey]] removed it, his hand became trapped. [[Elinor]] was able to free him.
-  I believe [[Gwyn Hovey]] gave the bracelet to [[Elinor]]…
- [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] found a silver coffer, but didn’t open it before putting it in his bag of holding. Upon picking it up the ground shook and groaned and a hidden hinge across the hall broke. A trap appeared to have failed to function.
- After traveling down many long halls, a room of clay statues, skipping a ball game of some kind, and pushing a block up a hill, they found themselves in a room with a cat motif.
- [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] put a torn stuffed cat’s stuffing back in, using Mending to make it whole.
- Investigating the wall carved to resemble a snarling tiger, the party found a secret door in its mouth.
- The secret door revealed a corridor that had a pit with rungs 5’ apart at floor level. As [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] tried to cross carrying [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]], they learned that the bushes in the pit could shoot large thorns.
- The party killed a couple of the bushes with magic, crossbow bolts, and explosive fire vials, but decided they didn’t need to stay and battle it out.
- The party was able to make it across. [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]] had entered the next room. It had fresh air but after engaging with angry baboons and an amphisbaena (huge constrictor snake with a head at each end), she stepped back through until she had reinforcements. She killed a baboon and put 2 arrows in the snake. The snake has Hunters Mark on it.
- After everyone was on this side of the pit, they rushed into the snake room together.
   

The in-game time of day at the end of the session was: 12:30 am on Month 5/Day 27
