---
title: 040-20210318
id: 2910111e-5800-45c6-b64a-29d53d4a6293
created: 2021-03-18
fc-calendar: SumonHo
fc-date:
  year: 31
  month: 5
  day: 27
fc-category: Sessions
tags:
  - ttrpg/session/sumonho
---

# [[040-20210318]]

!!! info
    - campaign:: [[300 DnD/30-39 Campaigns/32 SumonHo/index.md|SumonHo]]
    - date:: 2021-03-18
    - type:: session, ttrpg
    - dm:: Don Warnecke
    - Last Session: [[039-20210311]]


---

!!! info "Session Summary: 040-20210318"
    ^summary

---

## Session Log

- The party defeated the scarecrows while one of the Plate Mail construct creatures went into the shrine the way the party came out. The other Plate Mail construct left the area as the first entered the shrine.
- [[Gwyn Hovey|Gwyn]] shouted to stop the construct. [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] caught it before the creature made it to the portcullis and whipped him around toward the rest of the party.
- Between [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]]'s summoned beast and [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]]'s handaxe, they destroyed its essence.
- [[Averos]] responded to [[Elinor]]. He said the [[SLD]] knows roughly 3 locations of the 4 [[The Lost Items of the Eternal One|lost items of the Eternal One]]. When asked where the locations are, he reminded her that [[Danger Inc.]] wasn't working for the [[SLD]] right now.
- During a short rest…
    - [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] identified [[Soulstriker|Soul Striker]], a very powerful transmutable weapon currently in hand axe form
    - [[Hopeful]] identified the [[Amulet of Kwallip]], a device to improve control of constructs
    - [[Elinor]] reconstituted a potion of invisibility
    - [[Gwyn Hovey|Gwyn]] changed into plate armor
    - [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]] filled her aching stomach and took a look around from the trees
- After some debate on how to get [[Yusdrayl|Yusdrayl]] to go to the dragon and that there was not necessarily any urgency to their trip, the group decided they ought to get back on their big, long term mission. They decided to head to the [[Passion Place]].
- Setting off toward the far end toward an area that looks like they could get out of the valley, the party avoided a family of baboons.
- As they neared where [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]] thought the far end was, a tree-sized snake laid across the path.
- The party tried to not disturb it by stepping over it and continuing on their way.
    -It sounded like [[Hopeful]] was giving the amulet to someone. Who?

The in-game time of day at the end of the session was: 2 pm on Month 5/Day 27
