---
title: 045-20210615
id: 4f73b2c1-2038-456c-ac8e-0ee6c139942c
created: 2021-06-15
fc-calendar: SumonHo
fc-date:
  year: 31
  month: 6
  day: 9
fc-category: Sessions
tags:
  - ttrpg/session/sumonho
---

# [[045-20210615]]

!!! info
    - campaign:: [[30-39 TTRPG/32 Campaigns/32.01 DotMM/SessionNotes/index|SumonHo]]
    - date:: 2021-06-15
    - type:: session, ttrpg
    - dm:: Don Warnecke
    - Last Session: [[044-20210608]]


---

!!! info "Session Summary: 045-20210615"
    ^summary

---

## Session Log


- [[Danger Inc.]]  discussed upcoming plans before bedding down for the night. They would take the wilderness route to the [[Passion Place]] to limit their time in the [[Ravaged Lands]]. This means they will want to sell their wagon somewhere.
- The next morning they continued on their southern trek.
- At 2 pm on the 7th, the party arrived at [[Thornburg]]. It was odd to see a small city surrounded by a wall made for a much larger city.
- They received an advertisement for "the largest inn in [[Thornburg]]" called the [[Mighty Musk]]. They also heard a 'town crier' call out "Hot, delicious meals at [[Tun Tavern]]." The party chose three rooms in the [[Mighty Musk]].  
- [[Elinor]] and [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]] went for a well-earned bath while [[Hopeful]] meditated.
- That evening, [[Gwyn Hovey|Sigmund]] ([[Gwyn Hovey|Gwyn]]) did good works in the local community, learning that 7 influential families hold much of the power in [[Thornburg]]. They include the Furholm, Gladwell, and Volgo families. [[Gwyn Hovey|Gwyn]] also met a student injured at the [[Battle Mage]] Assembly. [[Gwyn Hovey|Gwyn]] noted that the term [[Battle Mage]] was the same one [[Averos]] found describing the Master of the [[Passion Place]].
- [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] went looking for a place to learn more fighter profession skills. Not finding any initially, he ended up in a symposium on the [[Northern Invasion]] given by a clergy in an arena. When she wanted to go talk to the presenter, she decided to push her way through the line waiting to talk to him. One of the brushed aside people significantly escalated the situation.
- [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] beat down the two people in line who were offended enough by feeling bullied to fight. The clergy and one of the bystanders laughed at the antics. The two that didn't want to fight left the ring.
- [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]], taking insult from being laughed at, spoke aggressively with the presenter. The presenter tried to defend his viewing the fight with humor and scolded [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] for his disrespect.
- Later in the inn the guy who stabbed [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] pointed him out to his acquaintances, commending her martial prowess. The guy claimed she "attacked" first when she pushed through him. He said her abilities were admirable but she needed to learn some manners. Not surprisingly, [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] remains unconvinced.
- [[Elinor]] convinced the man at the [[Worg Arcadia]] table to sell her a Wand of Secrets.
- The next day, [[Gwyn Hovey|Gwyn]] asked [[Hopeful]] to help him research [[Surma]] in the library. There was some consideration in the party that [[Surma]] may be part of the [[Penetration Stone]] cult and related in some way to the next stone. [[Elinor]] joined them to research the [[Battle Mage Assembly]]. That led to some research into [[Jasper Martin]].      
- The three found…
    - [[Surma]]: [[Surma]], one of the [[Gods of Despair]], is known as the god of death. [[Surma]] emphasizes combat prowess and the ability to destroy his opponents. Tests of combat do not have to be to the death, but the ability and willingness to take a life is paramount. Periodically, tournaments and tests of combat prowess are held in the open area. Priests often share public seminars describing important and historic deaths in the main room, for example those that freed the land from tyranny or the death of a bandit leader. Some innovative clergy organize reenactments of famous battles and deaths. About 20 years before the [[Northern Invasion]] [[Augustus Volgo]] was born. His second son's family is sometimes called the [[House of Mystics]]. Over the years, their influence within the church is such that they have basically taken over leadership of the [[Church of Surma]].
    -  [[Battle Mage Assembly]]: A guild and training center founded by [[Jasper Martin|Jasper]] Martin just over 60 years ago to bring martial combat and arcane magic together into a potent force. Many of the members are [[Blade Singers]], [[Eldritch Knight|Eldridge Knights]], and "split profession" people (fighter/wizard, paladin/sorcerer, etc.). The [[Battle Mage Assembly]] is most prominent in the [[Jorenian Kingdom]] and many are members of the [[Jorenien Bartiet]] ([[Jorenian Kingdom]]'s army). 
    - [[Jasper Martin]]: An experienced fighter and a magic user with an affinity to elemental fire, [[Jasper Martin|Jasper]] combined his disciplines to create a [[Battle Mage]] curriculum. He trained his disciples and founded the [[Battle Mage]] Assembly. [[Jasper Martin|Jasper]] is often called a hero of the people although there are plenty of references to people not particularly liking him. If the accounts in the library are to be believed, one person who didn't like [[Jasper Martin|Jasper]] was [[Julo Aimes]] (founder of [[Aimesland]]). He is known to live in the [[Ravaged Lands]], being seen occasionally but not as frequently as in decades past. While he appears human, descriptions of him don't seem to age much.

- [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] hired a professional fighter from a local mercenary guild. He spent the afternoon hours training her.
- [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] commissioned a leather work be created that would allow [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]] to be on her back, sitting or standing, while [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] wears her pack. The leather worker can have it ready by the next evening.
- That evening when going to bed, [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] was distracted and didn't sleep well at all. In the morning, she was wracked with a severe headache, nausea, and black painful finger tips. She recovered after a couple of hours.
 - The party can train for 6th level.

The in-game time of day at the end of the session was: 9 am on Month 6/Day 9
