---
title: 046-20210622
id: 9a389029-4387-4264-a76f-a5189683f851
created: 2021-06-22
fc-calendar: SumonHo
fc-date:
  year: 31
  month: 6
  day: 24
fc-category: Sessions
tags:
  - ttrpg/session/sumonho
---

# [[046-20210622]]

!!! info
    - campaign:: [[30-39 TTRPG/32 Campaigns/32.01 DotMM/SessionNotes/index|SumonHo]]
    - date:: 2021-06-22
    - type:: session, ttrpg
    - dm:: Don Warnecke
    - Last Session: [[045-20210615]]


---

!!! info
    ^summary

---

## Session Log

- The members of [[Danger Inc.]]  spent the next 2 weeks training.
- Your fifth day of training, your seventh morning in [[Thornburg]], there is a lot of excited chatter. A couple hours after dark the night before, many people on the outskirts of the inner farms saw a dark silhouette that they swear was a Dragon. A [[Blazing Shields]] lookout stationed on the gate wall also reported seeing something in the sky, but it could barely be seen with the dark clouds. 
    - **Note:** The inner farms are the ones within the old wall of the city.
    - **Note:** Much of the policing work in [[Thornburg]] is done under contract. The [[Blazing Shields]] is a faction that has been delegated the policing power overseen by a few city employees; a sheriff and his vice sheriffs. The [[Blazing Shields|Blazing Shields]] are in all ways equivalent to a traditional city-employed law enforcement organization.
- The evening before you left [[Thornburg]] a [[Blazing Shields]] Lieutenant who introduced himself as [[Timothy Werthy]] stopped by the [[Mighty Musk]] asking if anyone had seen a young boy. It seems the child had disappeared from his room the night before.
- [[Auntie Caustic|Caus]]  implored the party to not wait, fearing the Master of the [[Passion Place]] will "attract reinforcements, escape, or something."
- They sold the draft horse, wagon, and household goods found near the giant wasp nest.
- **Don's Assumption**: [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] went to join the competition at the temple, but was refused entry by the priest [[Silvia Volgo]] and her accomplice for **perceived** disrespect to the Chief Priest. Silvia said that [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] could be considered for entrance in a month.
- On the morning of the 23rd, [[Danger Inc.]]  set out again with their new capabilities.
- The road was uneventful with few travelers this far south.
- Once sufficiently south of a fort, they cut into the [[Ravaged Lands]].
- Soon, they saw a band of a dozen orcs. They appeared to have been in a battle. Hiding, the orcs never saw [[Danger Inc.]] .
- It is easy to forget how dangerous this land can be as bees and butterflies flutter between the colorful wildflowers. The fragrant smell wafts to your nose lifting the mood. But the [[Ravaged Lands]] are a dangerous place.
-  Suddenly, the ground opens up at [[Elinor]]'s feet. Insect looking creatures with strong chitin armor and powerful mandibles attacked. One even spit acid at [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]]. Seven in all attacked but were killed or turned back.
- Later, a force of 20-30 gnolls rested in a large clearing. [[Danger Inc.]]  skirted around the clearing a farther south, staying out of sight.
- A few hours after lunch, [[Danger Inc.]]  entered an area that was different. For example, no birds were twerping or bees buzzing.
- Suddenly, [[Danger Inc.]]  saw 2 rot trolls. Their skin seemed to melt before the group's eyes, reforming as it went.
- Knowing from previous experience trolls regenerated unless cauterized by fire, the party sought a way to burn them. [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]], using his gift from [[Hun-Hoksa]], and [[Hopeful]], warlock of [[Hun-Hoksa]], used their flame blade spells to burn the trolls.
- The trolls radiated necrotic energy. Its bite and claw caused more necrotic burning than it did piercing and slashing impact on their prey. [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] was dropped by one of the trolls but was revived by [[Gwyn Hovey|Gwyn]].
- [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] and [[Hopeful]] used repeated Green Flame Blade to make sure the trolls didn't recover. [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]], [[Elinor]], and [[Auntie Caustic|Caus]]  quickly built a fire.
-    -Don's assumption-   [[Gwyn Hovey|Gwyn]] ritually cast a Tiny Hut as a fallback position. Everyone had to take a brief break to be in it at the conclusion of the casting.
- When the party stopped burning the [[troll]] bodies, they again radiated a necrotic energy that could burn the skin.
- Once the bodies had been tossed on the flames, they started to burn with a deep black smoke.

The in-game time of day at the end of the session was: 4 pm on Month 6/Day 24


