---
title: 047-20210629
id: 929157ed-b120-40a9-8699-c12beba196f4
created: 2021-06-29
fc-calendar: SumonHo
fc-date:
  year: 31
  month: 6
  day: 25
fc-category: Sessions
tags:
  - ttrpg/session/sumonho
---

# [[047-20210629]]

!!! info
    - campaign:: [[300 DnD/30-39 Campaigns/32 SumonHo/index.md|SumonHo]]
    - date:: 2021-06-29
    - type:: session, ttrpg
    - dm:: Don Warnecke
    - Last Session: [[046-20210622]]


---

!!! info "Session Summary: 047-20210629"
    ^summary

---

## Session Log


- While the troll bodies burned, the party took a short rest.
- They decided to leave the eerie area for the night by pushing forward instead of backtracking.
- Soon, they came upon a tower off the trail.
- [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] and [[Gwyn Hovey|Gwyn]] decided to investigate. Since the door was locked, [[Elinor]] was asked to unlock it. [[Hopeful]] joined her companions, while [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]] hid to watch the door. [[Auntie Caustic|Caus]]  didn't want to be distracted, so she watched [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]]'s back while whittling.
- On the first floor, [[Danger Inc.]]  encountered a pair of undead; an ogre skeleton and a shadow.
- Reaching the second floor, a voice asked why they were in his house, said to leave or die, and refused passage to the roof for 'a better view of the area.' The voice stated they could not pass through his house "now that they didn't knock."
- [[Hopeful]] cast Spiderclimb spell on [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] and [[Gwyn Hovey|Gwyn]] used Step of the Night to reach the roof.
- After destroying the skeletal watch, [[Gwyn Hovey|Gwyn]] tried knocking on the trap door with his mail gauntlet. When no one answered, he knocked harder with his pommel.
- A terrible noise sounded from below as an ice storm erupted in the room [[Elinor]] and [[Hopeful]] were in, summoned by the necromancer through a sliding peep-door.
- [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] used his sledge hammer to bash through the trap door while [[Gwyn Hovey|Gwyn]] used the last moments of his Step of the Night to fly back to [[Gwyn Hovey|Gwyn]] and [[Hopeful]]. [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]] also rushed forward and Misty Step spell into the second story window.    
- Learning of one-way doors and a Cloudkill spell, [[Elinor]]'s intuition of not entering the room seemed prescient even if not for the reason initially assumed.
- As the party pushed the necromancer up the tower and [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] worked her way down, the necromancer's life was snuffed out with a sledge hammer.
-  #ttrpg/treasure Little of value was in the building. On [[Frukar Excelar]]'s body was found a key to the front door and a diamond worth 100 gp. In his room was found a diamond worth 300 gp, a letter that congratulated him on becoming a [[Knight of the Night]], and a black bound leather book with a skull ornament with eyes that seem to follow you. The ink writing in the book is a mix of unreadable glyphs, inscriptions, and shorthand notes.   
- It would take several days to clean the tower up, more if it wasn't for [[Elinor]]'s Prestidigitation cantrip.
- It is a smelly sleep, but despite a night of heavy rain you stay nice and dry.

The in-game time of day at the end of the session was: 9 am on Month 6/Day 25
