---
title: 049-20210802
id: b8874b80-3530-42d6-b825-2871270f1893
created: 2021-08-02
fc-calendar: SumonHo
fc-date:
  year: 31
  month: 6
  day: 25
fc-category: Sessions
tags:
  - ttrpg/session/sumonho
---

# [[049-20210802]]

!!! info
    - campaign:: [[300 DnD/30-39 Campaigns/32 SumonHo/index.md|SumonHo]]
    - date:: 2021-08-02
    - type:: session, ttrpg
    - dm:: Don Warnecke
    - Last Session: [[048-20210713]]


---

!!! info "Session Summary: 049-20210802"
    ^summary

---

## Session Log

- [[Olgann]] , the master of this place, cast a fireball hitting the entire party. His spells ignore resistance to fire damage.
- [[Elinor]] issued retribution, first with Hellish Rebuke and then with her own fireball. The [[hell hound]] was unphased by the flames. [[Olgann]]  was affected, at least partially. Each successive party member added their might to the attack; except [[Gwyn Hovey|Gwyn]] who focused on buffing the party.
- [[Olgann]]  was later joined by the hell hound who wouldn't be held off any longer. [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] was fighting toe-to-toe with both [[Olgann]]  and the hound.
- [[Olgann]] , after sustaining nearly 150 points of damage, lashed out with a chain lightning spell. [[Hopeful]] tried to counter it, but it was just out of her reach. It forked off of [[Gwyn Hovey|Gwyn]] to hit other party members. [[Gwyn Hovey|Gwyn]], [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]], and [[Hopeful]] fell unconscious. [[Elinor]] stayed up thanks to the temporary health granted by [[Gwyn Hovey|Gwyn]]'s Twilight Sanctuary.
- [[Olgann]]  let out a long whistle, then continued to do battle with the party. [[Elinor]] tried to reason with [[Olgann]]  that they just "got off on the wrong foot," we're really 'scholars,' and they had heard that a magic stone was here that they wanted to learn about. [[Olgann]]  seemed unmoved.
- [[Elinor]] rushed to [[Gwyn Hovey|Gwyn]]'s aid and jolted him awake with a 3rd level Cure Wounds spell. [[Auntie Caustic|Caus]]  disappeared as the tides had turned against the party.
- [[Gwyn Hovey|Gwyn]] pleaded for the party members' lives. [[Olgann]]  demanded he sheath his sword and [[Gwyn Hovey|Gwyn]] complied. [[Olgann]]  put him to sleep.
- When the party awoke they were in cells.
- [[Olgann]]  established the three rules. Then said he had to go deal with something and didn't have time to talk yet.

>[!quote] [[Olgann]]
>One: You have all of your equipment. Don't make us regret it. I hate taking people's stuff and putting it in those foot lockers. Then you have to do something with the stuff that is too big. Next thing you know something is missing, and the orc gets blamed but the [[drow]] really took it. Morale suffers. It is just a mess. So I prefer to leave your stuff in your possession until I decide what I'm going to do with you.
    
>Two: Don't kill my people. I know you will be tempted to try to get some retribution since you have your weapons, but don't. It will irk me.
    
>Three: If you ignore that previous point, I will destroy you. You would not even be edible when I am done with you. Please trust me, I can do it. If you need a demonstration, volunteer for me to prove it. It may save your companions.

- [[Auntie Caustic|Caus]]  returned trying to make a deal with party members. She could secure party members freedom and help them sneak out in exchange for a condition (aka a deal). Examples of this were the recipient's first born, magic item compensation, or a promise to return at her bidding to try to kill [[Olgann |The Master]]  again. *None of the party members accepted, so she took back her 'circlet of protection' and disappeared. She and [[Danger Inc.]]  had completed their tasks; namely her leading them to the [[Passion Place]] and their assistance in attempting to destroy [[Olgann |The Master]] .
- [[Olgann]]  returned for some conversation.
- [[Olgann]]  noted that he realized [[Hopeful]] was "one of [[Hun-Hoksa]]'s minions? How did I miss your garb? You guys can't be a murder squad." 
- [[Olgann]]  asked what they were called…[[Elinor]] said "[[Danger Inc.]] ." [[Olgann]] 's lair isn't normally referred to as the [[Passion Place]], but it is an apt description. It is normally referred to as [[Passion Place|Tunnel Ecstasy]]. 
    - Note: Ecstasy defined as "an overwhelming feeling of great happiness or joyful excitement." The feeling that one experiences when in success at pursuing their greatest passion.
- [[Olgann]]  asked questions like… What is your passion? ([[Elinor]] said …)

 [[Olgann]]: What is your passion? 
 - [[Gwyn Hovey|Gwyn]] said protect the weak

[[Olgann]]: What is your drive?
 - [[Elinor]] said sense of family and safety

 [[Olgann]]: What do you pursue to be your legacy? 
 - [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] said help save the world vs bringing an end to it; an ord that went down in history, not infamy

 [[Olgann]]: What do you desire to do or be known as? 
 - [[Hopeful]] said be the best follower of [[Hun-Hoksa]] that I can (his is when [[Olgann]]  opened her cell door).

-[[Olgann]]  asked questions about the cult, rituals, and locations. [[Elinor]] showed a card and he promised to return it.

- [[Olgann]]  also shared…. #ttrpg/loredump
    - They are [[Penetration Stone|Power Stones]]. He would have called it a crimson [[Penetration Stone|Power Stone]], not a [[Penetration Stone|Penetration Stone]]. He didn't know that name.
    - There are different [[Penetration Stone|Power Stones]]. The ones mined from the lower [[planes]] were crimson and fused with necrotic/negative energy. [[Gwyn Hovey|Gwyn]] and [[Elinor]] noted he started to get cautious as they asked about his other [[Penetration Stone|Power Stones]].
    - When "we got our stones" [[Glorgona]] was trying to perform a ritual that would take one of the dwarven cities to Hell. She was assisted by a [[Knight of the Night]] tiefling named Majesty and a group of [[Deadstone Giants]].
    - [[Glorgona]]'s ritual required at least 4 stones, but she was working on getting a fifth when [[Jasper Martin|Jasper]] and crew stopped her.

- Olgan opened [[Hopeful]], [[Elinor]], and [[Gwyn Hovey|Gwyn]]'s cell gates by the end of the conversation.
- He would not give the party his [[Penetration Stone|penetration stone]] under any circumstances, as it is too dangerous for them to have two. When they offered to remove the 300 orcs campaigning on his doorstep, he would not give them his stone but did offer 2 magic items for the task.
- When [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] learned the orcs were from the [[Tear Bringers]] tribe, he wanted out of the cell to go take care of them himself. [[Olgann]]  refused as [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]]'s "passion was too valuable to the world to let him get killed like that."
- Although you were clearly expected to stay in the room despite some of your cells being open, [[Olgann]]  said he would be back in an hour to further the discussion.   
- [[Gwyn Hovey|Gwyn]], or maybe just John Bruckler, thought it was odd that [[Olgann]]  was fighting with them and now suddenly seems willing to "help" them.

The in-game time of day at the end of the session was: 5:15 pm on Month 6/Day 25
