---
title: 051-20210824
id: 37dd9126-a236-4b02-8adf-d88f389a17d2
created: 2021-08-24
fc-calendar: SumonHo
fc-date:
  year: 31
  month: 6
  day: 26
fc-category: Sessions
tags:
  - ttrpg/session/sumonho
---

# [[051-20210824]]

!!! info
    - campaign:: [[30-39 TTRPG/32 Campaigns/32.01 DotMM/SessionNotes/index|SumonHo]]
    - date:: 2021-08-24
    - type:: session, ttrpg
    - dm:: Don Warnecke
    - Last Session: [[050-20210817]]


---

!!! info
    ^summary

---

## Session Log


- Before [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] could approach the man leaning against the wall, he noticed one of the [[Skull Crusher]] orcs talking to the largest of their group and making reference to [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]]. It approached.
- The orc asked [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] about her tribe markings and if it meant the revival of the Skorch Skull clan. [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] said she was the only member of the revival thus far, and wears it as a symbol of resistance to the [[Tear Bringers]] tribe.
- Three [[magic items]] were available for trade; four counting [[Hopeful]]'s [[Amulet of Kwallip]]. [[Elinor]] asked about the dagger (Dagger +1) and the orc said he would sell it for 1,300 if she didn't have an item to trade. He wouldn't accept services as part of the payment because he didn't know her well enough.
- None of the traders were interested in the [[Amulet of Kwallip]], but [[Olgann]]  was. He traded [[Hopeful]] a magic dagger (Dagger +2) and a casting of Legend Lore for the amulet.
- The party spent the night in the cells, while [[Olgann]]  took [[Kipp]] the hell hound "for a walk."
- In the morning while some filled their pockets with cheese, [[Olgann]]  cast the Legend Lore spell on [[Soulstriker|Soul Striker]].
  - [[Soulstriker|Soul Striker]] was created by [[Hiisi]] for the [[Eternal One]].
  - [[Soulstriker|Soul Striker]] was entrusted to [[Tloques-Popolocas]], an ancient warrior of renown.
  - The grave robbers who stole it from his tomb can be found by [[Agents of Tloques]] for 1 year.
  - It joins three items created by the [[Eternal One]] to be the 4 items considered the [[Eternal Artifacts]].
  - Any of the [[Eternal Artifacts]] can be used as an arcane focus and as a component of rituals to create powerful undead abominations.
- [[Olgann]]  said the agents of [[Tloques-Popolocas]] cannot find the possessor of [[Soulstriker|Soul Striker]] when it is in the Bag of Holding.
- [[Olgann]]  teleported the party to the trail that leads from the [[Strolbreln Tower]] to what is left of the dwarven stronghold of [[Keg Torum]]. He also told them where to turn off the trail to get to the [[Demons Door|Demon's Door]] and where the abandoned tower was that would indicate to leave the mountain base to head for the [hill giant](https://ddb.ac/monsters/hill-giant) longhouse.
- Before teleporting away, [[Olgann]] polymorphed [[Elinor]] into an owl. She got a good look at the tower.

---

As you stand on the rocky bluff, the smell of pine assaults your senses. The wind from the mountains above you bring cold air rushing past you. It cautions you not to get too close to the edge or you may endure a 50 foot drop that ends with a sudden stop. The mountain continues down from there in a rugged land at a steep angle. The hills are several hundred feet below.

About a half mile away, you can see a squat tower sitting on a similar sharp drop. It commands a clear view of the landscape. Its parapet roof is about even with you, allowing you to barely see three humanoids walking along the roof. A large gong sits near the roof's center. Built on an outcropping that keeps it from being too close to the mountainside, the tower is a formidable defensive position. The several places where water expels from the mountainside suggests that the tower has fresh water within its belly. 

In the hillside below, a large city with wooden walls rests. From this distance you can't make out any obvious details, but the smoke and frequent nondescript movement make it obvious it is a vibrant home to many. Near its center, it appears to have fortress with rough walls and crude angles sitting atop a hill.

Approaching the tower is not too difficult for a small group, although only so close. About 40 feet from the tower, you can get a fairly clear look at it. It appears to be ancient, with long-weathered stone making up its external walls. A path leads up the face of the mountain to a front door exposed to the air more than the mountain, although standing rock would protect someone from below if walking around the tower. At 45' high, the parapets provide excellent protection for anyone standing watch on the roof.

The trail leads to a 1' high platform about 10' deep and 15' wide. A small ridge runs around the platform with a few holes to let out rain. Directly above the platform, a protrusion of stone with a foot diameter hole suggests any manner of liquid or material that could be dropped on the platform on anyone who tried to force their way through the stone door. Several feet above the door is a stone plaque that reads something in dwarven in shallow, worn letters.   

---

The in-game time of day at the end of the session was: 9 am on Month 6/Day 26
