---
title: 052-20210915
id: 738bc8a1-e426-430b-83ad-e221286e8aa4
created: 2021-09-15
fc-calendar: SumonHo
fc-date:
  year: 31
  month: 6
  day: 26
fc-category: Sessions
tags:
  - ttrpg/session/sumonho
---

# [[052-20210915]]

!!! info
    - campaign:: [[300 DnD/30-39 Campaigns/32 SumonHo/index.md|SumonHo]]
    - date:: 2021-09-15
    - type:: session, ttrpg
    - dm:: Don Warnecke
    - Last Session: [[051-20210824]]


---

!!! info "Session Summary: 052-20210915"
    ^summary

---

## Session Log


- The party began the assault on the tower. With Steps of Night, [[Gwyn Hovey|Gwyn]] carried [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]] to the top of the tower. In an 'invisible train,' between [[Elinor]]'s spell and [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]]'s potion, [[Elinor]], [[Hopeful]], and [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] headed toward the front door.
- As he became visible over the edge of the tower, [[Gwyn Hovey|Gwyn]] cast Sleep and put the three rooftop guards to sleep. [[Gwyn Hovey|Gwyn]] and [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]] secured them tightly.
- Down below, [[Elinor]] knocked on the door but no one came out. Instead someone inside headed toward the top of the tower.
- With a mix of 'don't want to hurt any of you' and 'will kill you and not care,' [[Gwyn Hovey|Gwyn]] scared the captured hobgoblin into silence, other than mentioning how to get the guards below to unlock the trap door for entry.
- [[Gwyn Hovey|Gwyn]] put 2 more hobgoblin guards to sleep.
- With unusual grace and finesse, except maybe the landing, [[Gwyn Hovey|Gwyn]] glided through the trap door to land on a hobgoblin runner. The runner, true to his role, was able to get away and head down stairs.
- With great athleticism (and a little help from her ring), [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] jumped from window to window until he found an unprotected one she could break in. She found herself in the same room as [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]].
- After regrouping briefly, the three headed down in close pursuit of the hobgoblin runner. Meanwhile, [[Elinor]] finally got the front door unbarred to gain access for her and [[Hopeful]].
- [[Elinor]] and [[Hopeful]] defeated the two hobgoblins on the ground floor. They joined the progression headed down the stairs.
- The first one at the bottom, [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] set off a trap alerting nearby hobgoblins of the party's presence.
- Encountering more resistance in the basement, the party fought the captain of the post, his remaining sergeant, and several hobgoblin soldiers.
- Uncertain how often reinforcements or even food shipments come from the hobgoblin city of [[Kondraroc]], the party is uncertain how long before their incursion is noticed. Or even how important it is that they keep moving.   

The in-game time of day at the end of the session was: 10 am on Month 6/Day 26

