---
title: 056-20220315
id: 5f0fd220-da24-4081-ab26-285e30486735
created: 2022-03-15
fc-calendar: SumonHo
fc-date:
  year: 31
  month: 6
  day: 27
fc-category: Sessions
tags:
  - ttrpg/session/sumonho
---

# [[056-20220315]]

!!! info
    - campaign:: [[300 DnD/30-39 Campaigns/32 SumonHo/index.md|SumonHo]]
    - date:: 2022-03-15
    - type:: session, ttrpg
    - dm:: Don Warnecke
    - Last Session: [[055-20220215]]


---

!!! info "Session Summary: 056-20220315"
    ^summary

---

## Session Log


- After a decent slumber in a tight space, the party exited the armory to head for the vault doors.
- [[Hopeful]] dispelled the magic on the doors.
- [[Elinor]] took her sweet time picking the lock. The difficulty of the effective padlock took over 3 minutes to finally pick.
- [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]], after the frustration of waiting for the padlock to open, scouted stealthfully ahead. While she kept an eye out for creature threats, she set off a poisonous gas trap in the floor. Luckily, despite a particularly potent gas (8,8,8,7,4 on 5d8), [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]]'s natural resistance to poison allowed her to keep going.
- Finding the outer vault, [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]] directed the rest of the party over the trap trigger. They spent some time going over the items in the room. They include…
    - 6 small chests (12"x 8" and 8" tall), collectively containing 625gp and 31 gems
    - 3 Barrels are untapped and filled with fine wine
    - Urn with "healing" painted in dwarven on it contains 3 scroll and 8 white vials with colored caps
    - Caps include 4 blue, 2 red, 1 yellow, 1 green
    - Spell scrolls include 2 Cure Wounds and 1 Mass Healing Word
- [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] picked up a hand axe +1
- A bookshelf lines the south wall with tomes and parchment. Much is decaying, but much has also survived its time in this musty place.
- [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]] found a book written in dwarven ([[The Diary of a Hermit King]]: This is a book written by a dwarven hermit named [[Horkdram]]. Through a series of ill-fated close calls and daring feats, he saves the dwarven people. After political intrigue causes much strife in the leadership, [[Horkdram]] steps forward and is crowned king. It is a story of hope and persistence. It is unclear whether the story is fictitious or describes a far-off land.) 
- [[Hopeful]] found three books she thought would be useful.
    - A book written in undercommon that went into the possession of [[Gwyn Hovey|Gwyn]]. ([[Undermist Travel]]: This is a thin book with a leather binding with some chapters written in Undercommon. The [[Undermist]] is a subterranean level found between the [[Underdark]] and the Underground (below ground, under the Surface). It is a frightful place of porous rock and an unnatural smoke-filled atmosphere. Visibility is limited even with dwarven darkvision, with some spots restricting visibility to inches. This guide describes travel through the [[Undermist]]. It describes difficulty seeing, the native mist (more like smoke than mist), the futility of trying to expel the mist, and the denizens of the level. These denizens include will-o-wisps and "ash whispers;" and little else. Ash whisperers are creatures that appear as a plume of ash. The take and dish out little physical damage but can cause incredible mental anguish. The [[Undermist]] is sometimes referred to as the [[Undermist|Netherground]].)
    - A book written in dwarven. [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] can generally read it, but she struggles with some of the words and many of the concepts. [[Hopeful]] is at least a little disappointed to realize with the talk of demons, the book probably doesn't actually describe a part of the Nine Hells. ([[The Jungle Hell]]: This book is written in dwarven. It describes an other-planar land of thick jungles with oppressive humidity. Most of the vegetation is blood-red surrounded by craggy mountains. The cloudless crimson sky has a multitude of portals opening to other realms. It describes elephants, giant centipedes, spiders, will-o-wisps, and demons (especially an aggressive, soul eating fiend known as a nabassus).)
    - A book that is as much a collection of papers as it is a book. [[Hopeful]] plans to read this book written in common. (The [[Perilous Realms]] – An elven traveler named [[Llastoray]] wrote this book describing several realms that he considers inhospitable. They include a mountainous region in the western [[Barrier Mountains]] that is home to [[Argorgantis the Devourer]] (elder white dragon), a desolate place deep in the swamps to the west that is home to [[Yither the Eternal]] (elder black dragon), a razed land called [[Nowhere]] which contains the remains of the [[Eternal One]], a diverse subterranean city called [[Drinverth]] ruled by a druegar king, and a portal that leads to a long forgotten region similar to this land with a large corrupted port city called [[Waterdeep]].)
- [[Danger Inc.]] 's path was blocked by a portcullis. In the next room was a lever. [[Hopeful]] utilized [[Larry|Larry the Rope of Entanglement]] to lift the lever. The portcullis zipped up, but a flexible [[Larry]] was undamaged.
- In the decaying food storage room, the only surviving nutrition was a [[Backpack of Edibles]]. Inside are containers of water, a little ale, fruits, jerky, cornbread, and other nutritious food. While enough to sustain 8 people, it is not delectable. For example, the apples are a little tart, the pancakes are somewhat gummy, and the syrup is bittersweet. The [[Backpack of Edibles]] was placed in [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]]'s bag of holding.
- Behind a beautifully crafted door was a finely adorned hall…filled with grotesque dwarven zombies. An ornate stone and wood bridge rises over a 5' wide river that runs diagonally across the room with the flowing water collecting in a 10' by 15' pool. The ceiling of this cavernous room is over 20' high.
- As the party destroyed the last of the zombies, waves washed over the bridge. A 12' tall, muscular male stands on the bridge after most of the water washes away. He is [[Nabrim the Terrific|Nabrim]] the Terrific, consort to the most honorable and wise [[Mufti Bitrabi]], arbitrator of the [[Sixth League of Ramor-standis]]. He demands to know why the "motley crew" is in his abode.
- [[Elinor]] honestly states they are looking for a magical stone that is in this vault. [[Nabrim the Terrific|Nabrim]] points out that it is in "my vault," since he has moved into this complex. He seemed to respond well to compliments.
- After a brief dialog, [[Nabrim the Terrific|Nabrim]] says that if they clear out the vault, he will let the group take 3 items, "amongst them." They agreed. He seemed to respond well to compliments.
- [[Nabrim the Terrific|Nabrim]] was willing to make such a deal so he doesn't have to bother doing it himself while on vacation. It takes a puny creature to comfortably travel through the hallways, unless in gaseous form.
- While the party prepared to go to the inner vault, [[Nabrim the Terrific|Nabrim]] laid on top of the water to relax.
- Within the first room off of the splendid hall, a former barracks or dormitory housed an [[Eternal Agent]], 3 archer skeletons, and 3 wild warriors glare at you as their long swords.
