---
title: 059-20220621
id: c3ffd7e5-a05a-45fa-8d59-8fb80557db5f
created: 2022-06-21
fc-calendar: SumonHo
fc-date:
  year: 31
  month: 6
  day: 24
fc-category: Sessions
tags:
  - ttrpg/session/sumonho
---

# [[059-20220621]]

!!! info
    - campaign:: [[300 DnD/30-39 Campaigns/32 SumonHo/index.md|SumonHo]]
    - date:: 2022-06-21
    - type:: session, ttrpg
    - dm:: Don Warnecke
    - Last Session: [[058-20220419]]


---

!!! info "Session Summary: 059-20220621"
    ^summary

---

## Session Log

place giant slayer longsword in bag of holding
[[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]] scouting 
- there are 5 orcs in tents
- surrounded by penned sheep
- observed that the orcs have shell necklaces and odornments
- shield has an octopus holding weapons in each tentacle

[[Elinor]] 
- cast alter self & disguise self to look like an orc. 
- used disguise kit to
	-  make [[Gwyn Hovey|Gwyn]] look like a prisoner (beat up)
	- make [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] more like the rest of the orcs

we make our way straight through the "gate" with a huge boulder standing next to the wall
baa-ing is "very loud" 

Fatal flaw no. 1: none of us speak giant, only one of us speak Orcish
Fatal flaw no 2: we didn't lock the manacles, but [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] handed [[Gwyn Hovey|Gwyn]] over to the Orcs

2 of the 5 orcs at the fire have started up the hill to [[Chief Olgabrawn]]
2 orcs took Gwyn
1 orc remains with us

Gwyn is taken under the house,
20-30 pigs here
12' tall 2 headed creature (Ettin)
Ettin grabs Gwyn's manacles and takes him towards a 3' tall fencing. 
There are holes in the ceiling and stuff is falling down occassionally

The Ettin bellows, and 2 bugbears appear. The Ettin throws Gwyn over the gate into one of the pens. 
Bugbears grab Gwyn and drag him off 

The pigpen walls are made of mud and logs, a stream runs through the walls. Timber pillars support a 30' ceiling. 3 holes cut into the ceiling, and are crossed with logs (such that if a giant sized foot were set down there, the foot wouldn't go through)

north of the pig pen, rivulets of water carve into the muddy wall, 5 cages are in the room. 3 of the 5 cages contain prisoners. There are heavy stones on top of the cage door

1 cage contains some human commoners
1 cage contains a single powerful looking human
- very tan
- garb is tribal in nature
1 cage has a half elven person in it. Their leg is in a metal "cast" which juts out on the end at a 30 degree angle, no foot on the "cast"
- been here a while
- only one with the leg manacle
- there is armor near the cage she's in, nearly covered with mud
- she seems unusually dark skinned

Gwyn is being taken to the cage, and then hooked up onto the wall. Feet are not quite touching the floor, arms over her head

Best guess if the prisoner we're looking for is here, it would be the powerful human, or the half elf. Gwyn seems 

One of the bugbears tried to take Gwyn's boots, a kicky-punchy fight ensues. 

Elinor uses sleep to incapacitate the bugbear
Used Necklace of Prayer Beads - Wind Traveler to get everyone out
We get halfway across the field when we hear a gong
We meet up with Fuzula 
The 1/2 elf comes with us, the farm family and the tribal dude don't join us
We make it up to the base of the mountains

Elishia is the elf's name.
her and a couple others have been traveling together, including her half brother and her friend, she was captured
Gwyn and Elinor explain at kind of a high level the current state of affairs, and feed her some rations. 

Gwynn's vibe check - seems ok, other than it was odd that she didn't contact her brother while captured. Get the feeling that our connection with [[Olgann]]. 
- Update, Elishia didn't call for help to keep Dranast

I hear [[Simmer]] in my head asking where we were
"Hi Simmer. We're 1 tower north of [[Strolbreln Tower]], near a hill giant encampment next to a river"

Simmer asked us to meet [[Olgann]] at the tower with the sad giant.

Once we get to the tower, there's a dark skinned, powerful built dude that makes his way to Elishia (it's [[Olgann]]). He said he made [[Donaste]] (?) stay behind. There's 3 or 4 minutes of the 2 of them talking before he addresses us.

We go back to the [[Lower Ecstasy|passion place]], 

