---
title: 062-20220823
id: 5f1a97c2-b5ee-4588-a51e-14a4b7eea4e9
created: 2022-08-23
fc-calendar: SumonHo
fc-date:
  year: 31
  month: 8
  day: 7
fc-category: Sessions
tags:
  - ttrpg/session/sumonho
---

# [[062-20220823]]

!!! info
    - campaign:: [[300 DnD/30-39 Campaigns/32 SumonHo/index.md|SumonHo]]
    - date:: 2022-08-23
    - type:: session, ttrpg
    - dm:: Don Warnecke
    - Last Session: [[061-20220720]]


---

!!! info "Session Summary: 062-20220823"
    ^summary

---

## Session Log

Correction to Don's recap for session 61 - [[Undermist]] is more like walking through smoke. More than 6" of visibility, more like 5' to inches, depending on the ash

- Don't follow any lights in the distance, they're likely will-o-wisp

Mist will affect us until we get a "good" rest 
- Mechanically speaking, if a player fails a save in the mist, they will be poisoned (condition) until they take a long rest.

>[!info]
>While we're within 50' of [[Dranaste]], we appear to be drow.

we follow a spiral staircase down until it eventually flattens out. At the bottom there are glowing mushroom heads. Beyond that, a wall of smoke 

- We tied ourselves together (5' apart)
- [[Gwyn Hovey|Gwyn]] cast Aid on everyone
- [[Gwyn Hovey|Gwyn]] put on his armror
- [[Gwyn Hovey|Gwyn]] tore up his common clothes to help make masks for people
- [[Dranaste]] said that the advantage to this route was that it was a straight shot
- A light appears in the distance, [[Dranaste]] continues to walk, the party continues to walk
    - We do note that the light is being carried by humanoid forms
    - The flame looks like flame, not like a will-o-wisp
    - Humanoid is carrying a torch in 1 hand and a rope in the other. All told there are 6 humanoids - we pass each other without interaction
- [[Gwyn Hovey|Gwyn]] re-applies Aid to those that need it
- We make it through the ash into a hallway, we can now see that the walls are porous, like limestone. 
    - The hallway is about 8' wide. There are some places that look like people made some kind of alcove by carving it into the wall
    - In some spots it looks like tunnels had been dug into the wall
- [[Gwyn Hovey|Gwyn]] uses Eyes of Night on [[Elinor]], since her visibility is essentially 0
- We continue walking for another hour, and make camp in a special area that [[Dranaste]] found
- First leg of the journey done, 3 full days until we get to the estate. We'll be getting to the estate at the end of the 3rd day.
- After a long rest, [[Gwyn Hovey|Gwyn]] casts Aid on [[Dranaste]], [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] and [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]]
- There are purple clouds that just appear, [[Dranaste]] says that the clouds aren't really a big deal (see Tiers of Dirt email from Don), but not to teleport while in them, and they impact divination spells. Sometimes there are some physical changes
- While we're travelling along there are times where [[Dranaste]] motions us to put out the light, or will guide us up against the wall. He seems to be really in tune with the environment.
- There are a number of places that there are glowing mushrooms
- While [[Dranaste]] makes a lot of mentions of people being grabbed or snatched from walls, we don't notice that there are any places that look like ambush holes. It seems that some holes around here aren't permanent.
- We smell gross, fetid stuff, and we find a room some 40' in diameter with 4 'cactus' plants grow in the center. There are 5 occupants in the room. 3 of the occupants are Duergar in heavy arms. The 4th is a 7' tall muscular guy. (goliath) The 5th is a banged up dwarf that gets thrown into a puddle of mud
    - This was a somber moment. 
    - [[Gwyn Hovey|Gwyn]] offered the blessings of [[Sutamo]], they refused
    - The room is a "renewal site"
- [[Dranaste]] mentions this isn't Friedenbast, but we could likely eat there.
- We leave this room and are AMBUSHED by 2 Umber Hulks

IMPORTANT: [[Dranaste]] intends to disengage from the Umber Hulks and move back to the party





- [?] what's the plan when we get to the estate?
    - We could infiltrate. [[Dranaste]] mentions this would be *very* difficult and the consequences of failure are high
    - The other option is to parley with the mistress of the estate.
    - We're going to talk to Grinvah, or attempt to talk to him to appeal to his sense of adventure (bribe someone to get him a letter)

- [[Dranaste]] info dump:
    - [[Dreedasesh estate]] is called "The Dark Oasis"
    - He doesn't know much about the house or the family
    - He does know that they're on the edge of their region, and not a very powerful family.
    - The Mistress' son, [[Grinvah Dreedasesh]], is notorious. He doesn't really fall in line.
        - [[Grinvah Dreedasesh]] worked with [[Jasper Martin]]
            - Grinvah's mother is Solral
        - Viconia is the mistress of the house
        - The family is Part of house Dhalmass




Party needs to:
- ask [[Olgann]] if he ever found a way to destroy the [[Penetration Stone|stone of power]]
- talk to Hun Hoksa about the [[Penetration Stone|stone of power]] she has