---
title: 001-20221004
id: 6467b045-5809-4962-9231-e262e95982bd
created: 2022-10-04
fc-calendar: SumonHo
fc-date:
  year: 31
  month: 9
  day: 25
fc-category: Sessions
tags:
  - ttrpg/session/SumonHo
---

# [[065-20221004]]

!!! info
    - campaign:: [[30-39 TTRPG/32 Campaigns/32.02 SumonHo/index.md|SumonHo]]
    - date:: 2022-10-04
    - type:: session, ttrpg
    - dm:: Don Warnecke
    - Last Session: [[undefined]]

---

!!! info
    ^summary

---


## Session Log

We begin the session right outside of the estate.

Spent some time talking about our plan of attack.
- Kereshi wants to kill everyone as a last resort
- We call Zorra over, and let her know we’re ready - 

Large gate ahead of us,
- primitive humanoid with an axe (and no eyes)
- large humanoid in armor with a sword and shield (hobgoblin)

Zorra’s dark hunters veer off to sit near one of the large braziers outside the gate. Zorra addresses the hobgoblin to request an audience with [[Solral Dreedasesh]], the hobgoblin sends the primitive guy away with a message.

We wait around for 10 or so minutes for the messenger to return. Zorra informs us that we were specifically warned to not draw steel.

Dreedasesh estate == the Dark Oasis

There’s a barn with some nets on either end. 1 net has a bunch of spider webs. There’s a giant lizard perched on the wall. An enslaved goblin is repairing the wall.

Blue & green shawl, dress of blacks and browns - lady dreedasesh

oldest daughter drow - reddish shawl and scowling - brizxae

younger drow - black shawl, with some spiders and webs embroidered - viconia

Consort Torrelli - mean looking drow that was sizing us up

Lady Dreedasesh is never “my Lady”

Torrelli eats a mushroom, then offers one to the Lady, her daughter, and then offers one to Elinor, then Fuzula, then Kereshi - then set the mushrooms to the side (avoiding offering any to me)

Zorra informs Solral how we saved her daughter, and the events that led up to this point.

During the exchange between Solral and Elinor, Torrelli (privately) mentions their “simian problem” and suggests that we might be able to help (in Elvish). Gwyn overhears and addresses them, also in Elvish.

Master Rujin controls Kuzuku forest and stole a precious item from the lady. He’s privately admitted to taking this thing. He claims he would return it if Lady Dreedasesh actively supports him. Due to the nature of the dispute, she is hesitant to help.

He took a spider figurine. 

Lady Dreedasesh sends Enyo over to help us. He’s serving the Lady as an indentured servant. 
Dwarf, wearing chainmail.

If we take Enyo with us, and get her into the pyramid, she can use “Locate Object”

Gwyn gave up the egg to make up for being a doodoo head and admitting to listening in.

Zorra and Viconia were talking off to the side, Gwyn was able to catch that Viconia is missing Grinvah.

Enyo had joined the Battle Mage Assembly, she hails from Bhamboldir. The city fell in the [[Northern Invasion]]. She ran off with Jason Humperfull to join the Battle Mage assembly to get away from farming.

SLD stands for “Sage of Life and Death” - brokers of knowledge. Enyo was partners with Henry, and did a lot of work with the SLD. Henry got himself into a position trying to deceive Lady Solral, and he was caught. Enyo became an indentured servant. 

Khereshi knew Jason Vogel :O

Elinor stole some letter in her life previously

Fuzula and Lem came from a village where people were disappearing and coming back as vampires, so they noped out.


