---
title: 066-20221011
id: 66dd4b5e-57ea-47d2-9fc9-85b6c956aede
created: 2022-10-11
fc-calendar: SumonHo
fc-date:
  year: 31
  month: 9
  day: 25
fc-category: Sessions
tags:
  - ttrpg/session/SumonHo
---

# [[066-20221011]]

!!! info
    - campaign:: [[30-39 TTRPG/32 Campaigns/32.02 SumonHo/index.md|SumonHo]]
    - date:: 2022-10-11
    - type:: session, ttrpg
    - dm:: Don Warnecke
    - Last Session: [[065-20221004]]

---

!!! info
    ^summary

---

[Scaleinea - Campaigns - D&D Beyond (dndbeyond.com)](https://www.dndbeyond.com/campaigns/739832)

## Session Log

We head back to the Tee in the map to take a long rest.

Conversation with Dranaste about the forest
- He's unfamilar with the forest
- Has heard of rumors of people going into the forest and not returning, and places where there are overwhelming numbers of underdark monkeys
We long rest, then head for the forest.

About 90 minutes from the forest, we encounter a dwarfish looking fellow with a "crown" of wood/bark, wearing a short sword, blue skin and white hair.

Fuzula addresses him, and he calls out "SHOW YOURSELF", since she's essentially invisible (gloomstalker)
Calls himself The Great and Terrible Acid Bath, The Black Dragon. We let him pass, well, other than Fuzula poking him, and Kereshi standing in his way.

Kereshi gets knocked on her ass by The Great and Terrible Acid Bath, and we turn to make our way towards the "forest"

Another 90 minutes on the trail, we reach Kuzuku Forest, and Dranaste warns us again.

Gwen has a talk with Kereshi about not alway having to display her power. Gwen feels this chat went well, and that at least some part of the wisdom bestowed made it through that thick, teenage skull.

After our rest, we all make our way into Kuzuku, maintaining about a 5' between us. Dranaste and Fuzula essentially disappeared (39 and 35 for their stealth checks). 

While sneaking,
- we see creatures that look like baboons, but they're taller with longer fangs and less hair than the above ground creatures, they were dead and in most cases were partially eaten
- in one of the trees we see what some might call a Giant Ape (12' tall) in a tree
- on a number of occassions we hear the rustling of underdark baboons in the underbrush

After about an hour, we see a pyramid, with very steep sides (closer to vertical) and a flat top. Fuzula re-cast pass without a trace. The weeds are starting to thin out a bit. We move up close to a clearing that surrounds the pyramid.

we see -
2 underdark apes
8 underdark baboons
7 of the baboons are standing with their arms up, one ape is standing 20' away, and using one of the baboons as a "bowling ball"

Fuzula takes a scouting trip around the pyramid, while we watch the bowling. It seems as though the baboon that falls the farthest away is "winning" by being the ball.
