---
title: 001-20200130
id: 7647b619-a206-49c5-adc9-f497c04163ff
created: 2022-09-23
fc-calendar: SumonHo
fc-date:
  year: 31
  month: 3
  day: 21
fc-category: Sessions
tags:
  - ttrpg/session/SumonHo
---

# [[001-20200130]]

!!! info
    campaign:: [[300 DnD/30-39 Campaigns/32 SumonHo/index.md|SumonHo]]
    date:: 2022-09-23
    type:: session, ttrpg
    dm:: Don Warnecke

!!! info "Session Summary: [[001-20200130]]"
    The not-yet-formed party helped the citizens of Fowelerville turn back an orc attack. During the fighting, one of the orcs set fire to the Fleet Foot Stables - which Kereshi noticed while cutting down the orc and goblin intruders.
    
    With the  battle over, the heroes turned their attention to assisting with a bucket brigade to put out the fire.
    
    An elf by the name of [[Bronson]] bought drinks, and [[Olseris]] was *super* charming about it. 
    
    After drinks and some conversation, the party was approached by [[Annabella]], asking the party to meet with the senior [[Peacekeepers|Peacekeeper]] in town. The party met with [[Alex]], who informed them of several murders in the town, and thought since they seemed to be the helping kind, they might be interested in investigating.
    summary
---


## Session Log

At 10 AM on the 3rd month, 22nd day, of year 31 AR, our story begins.
 
[[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]] Fastbritches and [[Kereshi Khill]] entered [[Fowlerville]] from the west and headed for the [[Rested Moose Inn]]. When they reached the steps, they saw [[Olseris]] and [[Eljas]] eating/smoking on the porch of the inn after staying the night. 

As they were arriving, all heck broke loose up the road where people were preparing for the [[Fowlerville]] Parade. An orc champion accompanied with three orcs leaped out an began attacking other parade participants and bystanders. The party (to be) didn't have an opportunity to see the goblin firebug rush to the back of the [[Fleet Foot Stables]]. Ten to fifteen seconds later, the driver of the wagon the orcs snuck into town to make sure the fire had been started. The party, an elf named [[Bronson]], and two guards engaged the orcs. While [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]] did massive damage to the orc champion, [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] landed the killing blow on two regular orcs and the orc champion. The other Orc ran for woods. [[Bronson]] landed a solid hit on him, but [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]] put him down with another excellent shot. The goblins were dropped by [[Eljas]] and [[Olseris]].

During the battle, [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] noticed the [[Fleet Foot Stables]] was on fire. After the battle, the group helped guards and townspeople put out the flames. A bucket brigade worked to save the barn. [[Allison Ramshold]] helped the downed townspeople before working on saving her business. The cleric of [[Rauni]] came to assist with create water. The stable sustained significant damage, but luckily the battle was ended quickly allowing the flames to be fought.

After the fire, [[Bronson]] invited to buy a drink for the adventurers. [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]] wanted lots of pancakes instead. Not everyone sat at the table, but they did share information about themselves. [[Olseris]] challenged [[Bronson]], as people don't offer drinks for no reason. [[Bronson]] claimed it was out of appreciation for the work they did. He also admitted that he had an upcoming meeting that he was hoping to find a few people to take with him if he found someone that would be helpful. But he reiterated that the drinks were simply out of his appreciation.

A guard, [[Annabella]] with a nasty bruise, approached their table and asked if they would meet with [[Alex]], the senior [[Peacekeepers|Peacekeeper]] in [[Fowlerville]]. They did. [[Alex]] stated that there were 3 murders in [[Fowlerville]] in the last week; 2 goblin attacks and a witness who thought they saw a strangulation at the upscale [[Crouching Dragon Tavern]] and Inn. While the suspicion wasn't enough for the [[Peacekeepers]] to infringe on the town's closed investigation, their assistance in the defense of the town made the Constable, [[Krisvyre]], willing to let them do a follow-up investigation. He would see if he could get them paid for killing the orcs out of it.

They went to see [[Krisvyre]] and she was happier about their assistance since she knew a couple of them. They learned a little about the events and waited to ask [[Aster]], the investigating constable, a few questions when he got back. Deputy constable [[Aster]] provided some basic information and offered to show them where the goblin attack happened, but some of the party was suspicious of him. The party went a few different directions.

- [[Fuzula Fastbritches|Fuzula]] followed [[Krisvyre]] to the wealthy estates, a walled section that housed some of the wealthy townspeople; supposedly to check up on something (a shut-in). She was there for approximately 20 minutes and then returned to the jail. She told [[Aster]] she was going home when she left the jail.
- [[Kereshi Khill|Kereshi]] went to talk to the witness. [[Urgala]], a half-orc covered in wax, saw the attack. Although she couldn't be "100% certain" that it wasn't a male described as a female or vice versa, she was confident she saw a tall male with a beard strangle a woman. Then he blew out the light.
- [[Eljas]] went to talk to the manager of the [[Crouching Dragon Tavern]]. While she didn't like him in the building, he talked her into telling him about the man. He appeared to be a wealthy merchant. He was tall with a bushy beard and a lot of hair. After staying that night, he slipped out and she didn't see him again. [[Eljas]] purposely then left a dusty mess on the way out the door.
- [[Olseris]] went to check out the site of two of the murders. He discovered the location in a clearing about 80-100 yards short of a 5' tall rock. A slight trail led to a clearing. He found a crude short sword and two goblin arrows, one whole and one broken. There wasn't much blood for this to be the site of two murders, but there was plenty of traffic around the area for a fight to have happened. The trail that led into the clearing from the road continued out the other side. Taking the items with him with the intent to talk to [[Grux]] at the [[Fleet Foot Stables]], he headed back.

The group returned to the [[Rested Moose Inn]] and join forces again.






